jmx oper:compound
oper suppress:nsubj
state transfer:compound
transfer suppress:obj
featur request:compound
jmx oper:compound
oper expos:obj
node expos:obl
suppress expos:advcl
state transfer:compound
transfer suppress:obj
period suppress:obl
time period:nmod
flag fals:nsubj
default fals:obl
flag case:nmod
bring eas:xcomp
mainten work:compound
work cluster:nmod
typic workflow:amod
applic request:compound
request shut:obj
data grid:compound
grid request:nmod
state transfer:compound
transfer suppress:obj
node suppress:obl
jmx node:nmod
node bring:obj
mainten work:compound
work perform:obj
node bring:obj
state transfer:compound
transfer disabl:obj
node disabl:obl
jmx node:nmod
state transfer:compound
transfer enabl:obj
node enabl:obl
applic request:compound
grid reach:obj
smooth shutdown:amod
fast smooth:conj
fast shutdown:amod
startup shutdown:conj
risk remov:obj
oom error:compound
error risk:nmod
bring error:acl
grid bring:obj
small subset:amod
full transfer:amod
manual transfer:amod
state transfer:compound
transfer subset:nmod
defin subset:advcl
control shutdown:amod
cluster shutdown:compound
shutdown restor:nsubj
data shutdown:nmod
persist storag:amod
storag restor:obl
