oppos ad:advcl
current approach:amod
listen approach:compound
approach oppos:obl
infinispan approach:nmod
listen instanc:compound
instanc invok:nsubj
invok oppos:parataxis
data owner:compound
owner invok:obl
jira ad:nsubj
support ad:obj
cluster listen:compound
listen support:nmod
listen instanc:compound
instanc support:dep
notifi instanc:acl
disregard notifi:obj
data ownership:compound
ownership disregard:nmod
rpc call:nsubj
call notifi:parataxis
involv call:xcomp
fact nice:obl
listen notif:compound
notif involv:nsubj
involv fact:dep
rpc involv:obj
cluster support:amod
listen support:compound
support open:nsubj
interest architectur:amod
persist continu:amod
continu queri:amod
queri transform:nsubj
transform queri:dep
filter transform:obl
notif state:dep
listen notif:appos
state listen:dep
updat listen:dep
queri state:compound
simplist cep:amod
cep built:nsubj
persist queri:amod
queri built:obl
remot hotrod:amod
hotrod notif:compound
notif base:nsubj
cluster listen:amod
listen base:obl
