process plan:compound
express plan:compound
plan input:compound
generat plan:nmod
set plan:acl
input relat:compound
relat set:obj
project express plan:compound
foreach plan:compound
logic plan:amod
plan relat:nmod
generat plan:nsubj
plan relat:acl
output express:compound
express plan:nmod
generat input:compound
input express:nmod
generat input:nmod
long pars:obj
string pars:advcl
big integ:amod
integ format:dep
format string:amod
string pars:iobj
big integ object:compound
object pars:obl
big decim:amod
decim format:nsubj
format pars:dep
string format:iobj
big decim object:compound
object format:obl
project express:compound
express build:obj
foreach build:obl
plan build:obj
project alia:nsubj
express alia:compound
return alia:acl
express alia:compound
alia repres:nsubj
repres return:ccomp
project build:iobj
express build:obj
project present:compound
present express:nmod
global plan:amod
plan present:nmod
nest plan:amod
foreach plan:compound
project build:iobj
express build:obj
project express:acl
rang loc:nsubj
column rang:nmod
loc project:ccomp
plan input:compound
rel input:compound
input start expr:nsubj
start expr loc:ccomp
express start expr:obj
project start expr:advcl
expr project:iobj
express expr:dep
project express:compound
express project:obj
unknown type:amod
type set:obl
schema field:compound
field type:nmod
type set:obj
bytearray sch:compound
sch set:obl
