schema user:compound
schema user:compound
user match:obj
logic plan:amod
plan part:nsubj
load plan:dep
logic plan builder loader:compound
load function:compound
function func spec:nmod
schema user:compound
schema user:compound
null user:dep
logic plan:amod
plan part:nsubj
load plan:dep
conf load func:compound
instanti load func:acl
loader signatur:compound
signatur instanti:obl
signatur load func:dep
pass signatur:acl
load func pass:obl
script user:nmod
load function:nsubj
schema call:nsubj
call function:ccomp
return call:dep
null return:nsubj
indic return:xcomp
schema unknown:nsubj
unknown indic:ccomp
null unknown:amod
unknown schema:appos
method store:nsubj
script schema store:obj
current configur:amod
schema retriev:nsubj
load function:compound
function retriev:obl
udf retriev:obl
udf function:conj
user enter:nsubj
enter schema:acl
schema note:ccomp
load return:compound
function return:compound
return schema:dep
claus schema:compound
schema note:ccomp
schema lbe:nsubj
lbe chararray:acl
chararray find:nsubj
todo chararray:dep
find lbe:ccomp
solut find:obj
script schema:compound
