configur job:appos
special class:amod
map class:compound
pig queri:compound
order queri:nmod
order comparison:nmod
expect tupl:compound
hand expect:xcomp
map class:compound
class ensur:nsubj
key wrap:nsubj
wrap ensur:ccomp
tupl wrap:obl
tupl wrap:advcl
join skew:dep
special reduc:nsubj
pig queri:compound
order queri:nmod
order comparison:nmod
expect tupl:compound
hand expect:xcomp
special class:amod
map class:compound
class ensur:nsubj
key wrap:nsubj
wrap ensur:ccomp
tupl wrap:obl
tupl wrap:advcl
class unwrap:nsubj
class hand:nsubj
unwrap reduc:ccomp
tupl unwrap:obj
case unwrap:obl
map wrap:nsubj
wrap case:acl
tupl wrap:obl
hand reduc:ccomp
hand unwrap:conj
unwrap key:nsubj
key hand:xcomp
packag key:obl
process packag:nmod
reduc plan:compound
plan reduc:obj
local runner:amod
illustr runner:nmod
plan reduc:nsubj
reduc set:ccomp
plan reduc:obj
reduc thread:compound
plan reduc:obj
packag oper:compound
oper reduc:obj
oper plan:conj
report reduc:obj
report plan:conj
thread configur:obj
reduc bag:compound
function reduc:obj
packag function:acl
key packag:obj
list packag:obj
list key:conj
tupl key:dep
key tupl:nmod
tupl bag:dep
convert bag:acl
hadoop type:compound
type key:compound
key convert:obj
pig type:compound
type convert:obl
packag result:compound
result collect:nsubj
reduc plan:compound
plan empti:nsubj
pass collect:advmod
reduc plan:compound
plan pass:obl
call process:csubj
intermedi key:amod
key call:obj
valu call:obj
valu key:conj
stop place:acl
report thread:compound
thread stop:obj
reduc buffer:nmod
illustr buffer:compound
context buffer:compound
input buffer:compound
map pkg:compound
pkg reduc:compound
packag reduc:compound
reduc context:nmod
illustr context:compound
reduc thread:compound
plan reduc:obj
packag oper:compound
oper reduc:obj
oper plan:conj
report reduc:obj
report plan:conj
thread configur:obj
reduc bag:compound
function reduc:obj
packag function:acl
key packag:obj
list packag:obj
list key:conj
tupl key:dep
key tupl:nmod
tupl bag:dep
convert bag:acl
hadoop type:compound
type key:compound
key convert:obj
pig type:compound
type convert:obl
packag result:compound
result collect:nsubj
reduc plan:compound
plan empti:nsubj
pass collect:advmod
reduc plan:compound
plan pass:obl
