closur object:compound
object closur:compound
object repres:dep
repres object:dep
groovi object:nmod
object groovi:nmod
closur instanc:nmod
instanc closur:nmod
short form:amod
call form:obl
set resolv strategi:nsubj
set strategi:advcl
attempt closur:nsubj
attempt set:ccomp
set attempt:ccomp
resolv attempt:xcomp
attempt resolv:xcomp
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
resolv method:obj
method refer:conj
refer method:conj
resolv owner:obl
deleg strategi:nsubj
strategi deleg:nsubj
default strategi:compound
strategi default:compound
field code:parataxis
code field:parataxis
declar field:acl
test class:compound
class test:compound
declar class:obl
declar variabl:obj
deleg variabl:nmod
variabl deleg:nmod
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
set resolv strategi:nsubj
attempt closur:nsubj
attempt set:ccomp
set attempt:ccomp
resolv attempt:xcomp
attempt resolv:xcomp
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
resolv method:obj
method refer:conj
refer method:conj
resolv deleg:obl
variabl code:parataxis
code variabl:parataxis
declar variabl:acl
deleg shadow:compound
shadow deleg:compound
declar shadow:obl
field shadow:dep
shadow field:dep
owner class:compound
class owner:compound
declar class:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
set resolv strategi:nsubj
set resolv:csubj
resolv set:csubj
set call:csubj
call set:csubj
set closur:obj
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
resolv method:obj
method refer:conj
refer method:conj
resolv owner:obl
call resolv:conj
resolv call:conj
call deleg:obj
throw code:parataxis
throw properti:obj
throw error:obj
declar variabl:nsubj
declar deleg:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
set resolv strategi:nsubj
set resolv:csubj
resolv set:csubj
set bypass:csubj
bypass set:csubj
set closur:obj
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
resolv method:obj
method refer:conj
refer method:conj
resolv deleg:obl
bypass resolv:conj
resolv bypass:conj
bypass owner:obj
throw code:parataxis
throw error:obj
declar owner:nsubj
declar bypass:advcl
bypass declar:advcl
declar field:obj
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
bypass strategi:nsubj
bypass throw:advcl
throw bypass:advcl
bypass lookup:obj
bypass owner:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
set resolv strategi:nsubj
resolv closur:nsubj
resolv set:ccomp
set resolv:ccomp
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
usual meta class:amod
resolv properti:nsubj
resolv properti:nsubj
method properti:conj
properti method:conj
resolv method:nsubj
resolv owner:obl
resolv deleg:obl
deleg owner:conj
owner deleg:conj
closur object:compound
object closur:compound
resolv object:obl
overrid develop:acl
overrid properti:obj
closur expando meta class:nmod
expando meta class closur:nmod
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
strategi resolut:compound
null object:nsubj
closur object:nmod
object closur:nmod
normal usag:amod
groovi usag:amod
usag case:nmod
case usag:nmod
set strategi:obj
properti refer:compound
refer properti:compound
resolv refer:obj
resolv method:obj
method refer:conj
refer method:conj
closur user:compound
user closur:compound
resolv user:nsubj
resolv strategi:acl
resolv method:obj
resolv properti:obj
properti method:conj
method properti:conj
invok closur:obj
invok paramet:obl
return invok:advcl
invok return:advcl
return valu:obj
applic return:advcl
return applic:advcl
invok closur:obj
return invok:advcl
invok return:advcl
return valu:obj
applic return:advcl
return applic:advcl
outer class:amod
construct closur:nsubj
construct class:parataxis
outer class:amod
construct closur:nsubj
construct class:parataxis
chang deleg:acl
perform chang:advcl
chang perform:advcl
markup build:compound
build markup:compound
perform build:obj
return writabl:amod
overrid writabl:nsubj
render result:obj
render string:obl
closur support:nmod
support closur:nmod
curri support:acl
closur support:nmod
support closur:nmod
suppli paramet:nsubj
left paramet:nsubj
left suppli:conj
suppli left:conj
normal method:amod
curri method:compound
method curri:compound
left method:obl
typic usag:amod
closur support:nmod
support closur:nmod
closur support:nmod
support closur:nmod
curri support:dep
curri index:obl
closur composit:compound
composit closur:compound
composit support:nmod
support composit:nmod
typic usag:amod
closur composit:compound
composit closur:compound
revers composit:amod
composit support:nmod
support composit:nmod
typic usag:amod
cach variant:compound
variant cach:compound
creat variant:obj
closur variant:nmod
variant closur:nmod
call closur:nsubj
call preserv:advcl
preserv call:advcl
preserv map:nsubj
paramet map:nmod
map paramet:nmod
return valu:compound
valu return:compound
valu map:nmod
map valu:nmod
valu paramet:conj
paramet valu:conj
preserv cach:obl
subsequ call:amod
cach valu:amod
collect garbag:dep
return function:amod
multipl thread:amod
implement valu:compound
valu implement:compound
high perform:amod
averag perform:amod
scenario perform:compound
perform scenario:compound
perform valu:dep
valu perform:dep
concurr call:amod
call valu:conj
valu call:conj
memoiz function:amod
function call:nmod
call function:nmod
ident valu:amod
argument valu:compound
valu argument:compound
valu function:nmod
function valu:nmod
cach valu:amod
return valu:compound
valu return:compound
benefit valu:obl
memoiz function:amod
safe function:amod
recommend function:amod
recommend safe:conj
safe recommend:conj
collect garbag:acl
memoiz closur:amod
closur garbag:nmod
garbag closur:nmod
trampolin variant:amod
build variant:obj
current closur:amod
closur variant:nmod
variant closur:nmod
prevent leverag:advcl
leverag prevent:advcl
stack overflow:compound
overflow stack:compound
prevent overflow:obj
deep recurs:amod
prevent recurs:obl
leverag function:nsubj
avoid function:nsubj
trampolin mechan:compound
mechan trampolin:compound
leverag mechan:obj
avoid leverag:conj
leverag avoid:conj
recurs call:amod
avoid call:obj
suppos trampolin:obl
suppos function:nsubj
perform suppos:xcomp
suppos perform:xcomp
perform step:obj
calcul step:nmod
step calcul:nmod
recurs call:amod
suppos call:obl
function call:nmod
call function:nmod
return suppos:ccomp
suppos return:ccomp
return closur:obj
execut closur:acl
execut trampolin:obl
step trampolin:nmod
trampolin step:nmod
return valu:nsubj
return stop:advcl
stop return:advcl
stop trampolin:nsubj
return trampolin:nsubj
return stop:conj
stop return:conj
stop valu:obj
final result:amod
result valu:nmod
valu result:nmod
copi return:dep
return copi:dep
closur copi:nmod
copi closur:nmod
owner object:conj
object owner:conj
deleg object:conj
object deleg:conj
object field:compound
field object:compound
null field:nsubj
null return:acl
proper serial:amod
copi return:dep
return copi:dep
closur copi:nmod
copi closur:nmod
replac deleg:nsubj
owner deleg:conj
deleg owner:conj
replac owner:nsubj
object deleg:conj
deleg object:conj
replac object:nsubj
replac copi:acl
suppli paramet:amod
replac paramet:obl
rehydr closur:obj
