memoiz implement:nsubj
memoiz closur:obl
closur class:compound
class closur:compound
class method:compound
method class:compound
implement class:dep
memoiz famili:compound
famili memoiz:compound
implement famili:obl
place holder:compound
holder place:compound
null valu:amod
valu holder:obl
holder valu:obl
cach valu:nmod
valu cach:nmod
creat closur:obj
deleg creat:dep
creat deleg:dep
memoiz creat:dep
creat memoiz:dep
memoiz deleg:conj
deleg memoiz:conj
return valu:compound
valu return:compound
memoiz valu:obj
memoiz argument:obl
suppli cach:amod
memoiz valu:amod
store valu:obj
cach respons:nmod
respons cach:nmod
put respons:acl
put limit:obj
cach size:compound
size cach:compound
put size:obl
implement respons:acl
implement put:conj
put implement:conj
cach strategi:compound
strategi cach:compound
evict strategi:compound
strategi evict:compound
implement strategi:obj
implement lru cach:nsubj
maximum constraint:amod
cach constraint:compound
constraint cach:compound
size constraint:compound
constraint size:compound
set constraint:obj
lru strategi:compound
strategi lru:compound
evict strategi:compound
strategi evict:compound
implement strategi:obj
creat key:obj
memoiz cach:compound
cach memoiz:compound
place holder:compound
holder place:compound
cach valu:amod
null valu:amod
valu holder:nmod
holder valu:nmod
garbag collector:compound
collector garbag:compound
clean cach:obj
refer cach:nmod
cach refer:nmod
memoiz valu:amod
evict valu:obj
