arbitrari node:amod
tree node:compound
node tree:compound
node repres:dep
repres node:dep
structur metadata:amod
arbitrari xml:amod
tree metadata:conj
metadata tree:conj
option map:amod
attribut map:nmod
map attribut:nmod
valu string:nsubj
string valu:nsubj
list string:conj
string list:conj
list string:conj
string list:conj
node list:nmod
list node:nmod
extens type:nsubj
extens string:advcl
provid extens:xcomp
extens provid:xcomp
flexibl structur:amod
provid structur:obj
namespac uri:nsubj
uri namespac:nsubj
includ uri:xcomp
jmx object:compound
object jmx:compound
repres class:nsubj
repres metadata:obj
repres foo:obl
nest metadata:amod
repres metadata:obl
metadata foo:conj
foo metadata:conj
foo metadata:nmod
metadata foo:nmod
text bar:dep
bar text:dep
creat node:obj
creat parent:obl
shallow attribut:amod
clone attribut:amod
creat attribut:obl
valu node list:nsubj
node list valu:nsubj
node list clone:dep
clone node list:dep
deep clone:amod
creat clone:obl
node clone:nmod
clone node:nmod
creat node:obj
suppli parent:nsubj
suppli add:advcl
add suppli:advcl
add creat:conj
creat add:conj
creat node:amod
add node:obj
child node:nmod
node child:nmod
parent child:nmod
child parent:nmod
creat node:obj
suppli parent:nsubj
suppli add:advcl
add suppli:advcl
add creat:conj
creat add:conj
creat node:amod
add node:obj
child node:nmod
node child:nmod
parent child:nmod
child parent:nmod
creat node:obj
map attribut:appos
attribut map:appos
suppli parent:nsubj
suppli ad:advcl
ad suppli:advcl
creat node:amod
ad node:nsubj
ad child:obl
parent child:nmod
child parent:nmod
creat node:obj
map attribut:appos
attribut map:appos
suppli parent:nsubj
suppli ad:advcl
ad suppli:advcl
creat node:amod
ad node:nsubj
ad child:obl
parent child:nmod
child parent:nmod
append child:obj
current node:amod
append node:obl
remov child:obj
current node:amod
node child:nmod
child node:nmod
creat node:obj
creat child:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
child node:nmod
creat node:obj
creat child:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
child node:nmod
creat node:obj
creat child:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
child node:nmod
creat node:obj
creat child:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
child node:nmod
current node:amod
replac node:obj
replac node:obl
defin node:acl
builder notat:compound
notat builder:compound
style notat:compound
notat style:compound
closur notat:nmod
notat closur:nmod
current node:amod
replac node:obj
suppli node:amod
replac node:obl
sibl node:compound
node sibl:compound
add node:obj
defin node:acl
builder notat:compound
notat builder:compound
style notat:compound
notat style:compound
closur notat:nmod
notat closur:nmod
current node:amod
add node:obl
extens point:compound
point extens:compound
subclass point:nmod
point subclass:nmod
overrid subclass:acl
overrid metaclass:obj
support default:nsubj
support properti:obj
attribut notat:compound
notat attribut:compound
support notat:obj
notat properti:conj
properti notat:conj
textual represent:amod
represent return:dep
return represent:dep
current node:amod
node represent:nmod
represent node:nmod
child represent:nmod
represent child:nmod
child node:conj
node child:conj
node return:dep
return node:dep
iter return:dep
return iter:dep
children iter:nmod
iter children:nmod
node children:nmod
children node:nmod
list return:dep
return list:dep
node children:compound
children node:compound
children list:nmod
list children:nmod
map return:dep
return map:dep
attribut map:nmod
map attribut:nmod
node attribut:nmod
attribut node:nmod
empti map:amod
map attribut:nmod
attribut map:nmod
map node:conj
node map:conj
attribut lookup:nmod
lookup attribut:nmod
object return:dep
return object:dep
repres return:acl
object return:dep
return object:dep
repres return:acl
repres valu:obj
node valu:nmod
valu node:nmod
replac add:conj
add replac:conj
add valu:obj
node valu:nmod
valu node:nmod
parent return:dep
return parent:dep
node parent:nmod
parent node:nmod
replac add:conj
add replac:conj
add parent:obj
node parent:nmod
parent node:nmod
element lookup:nmod
lookup element:nmod
element lookup:nmod
lookup element:nmod
element lookup:nmod
lookup element:nmod
node collect:nmod
collect node:nmod
tree node:nmod
node tree:nmod
node collect:nmod
collect node:nmod
tree node:nmod
node tree:nmod
breadth travers:compound
travers breadth:compound
list return:dep
return list:dep
direct node:amod
string node:compound
node string:compound
node list:nmod
list node:nmod
write node:obj
write print writer:obl
