method access:nsubj
user tabl:compound
tabl access:obj
dao stand:nsubj
databas access:compound
access object:compound
object stand:obl
dao intend:nsubj
intend dao:ccomp
reflect intend:xcomp
databas reflect:nmod
tabl dao:nmod
databas tabl:nmod
complex set:amod
set ad:obl
queri set:nmod
extra dao:amod
dao ad:nsubj
dao assum:nsubj
data valid:nsubj
data correct:nsubj
valid assum:ccomp
correct assum:ccomp
correct valid:conj
paramet setter:conj
factori constructor:nmod
dao access:nsubj
dao access:nsubj
dao factori access:obl
connect dao factori:dep
dao access:obj
typic constructor:amod
sql connect:compound
connect obtain:obj
user add:obj
system add:obl
add patient:dep
user specif:obl
specif inform:amod
inform add:obj
hcp patient:conj
secur question:compound
question set:dep
random set:amod
charact set:nmod
valu guess:obj
user mid:nmod
long mid:nmod
user role:nmod
role user:nmod
enum role:compound
password role:dep
password role:dep
user password:nmod
repres string:acl
ad password:amod
generat password:amod
password repres:obj
secur question:compound
question reset:obj
answer reset:obj
answer question:conj
user question:compound
secur question:compound
string reset:obl
secur answer:compound
string answer:nmod
user mid:nmod
long user:nmod
mid user:nmod
user mid:nmod
mid role:nmod
user mid:nmod
user role:nmod
enum user:nmod
password chang:obj
user password:nmod
mid user:amod
user mid:nmod
password chang:obj
secur question:compound
question return:obj
user return:obl
user mid:nmod
secur question:compound
user question:nmod
return mid:dep
secur answer:compound
answer mid:nsubj
user answer:nmod
mid return:xcomp
user mid:nmod
secur answer:compound
string answer:nmod
login failur:compound
failur record:obj
blacklist failur:acl
address blacklist:obj
databas tabl:compound
hash tabl:compound
key address:nsubj
user address:nmod
user address:nmod
address tabl:nsubj
tabl ad:advcl
row ad:nsubj
address addr:dep
user address:nmod
string user:nmod
reset failur:compound
password failur:compound
failur record:obj
blacklist failur:acl
address blacklist:obj
databas tabl:compound
hash tabl:compound
key address:nsubj
user address:nmod
user address:nmod
address tabl:nsubj
tabl ad:advcl
row ad:nsubj
address addr:dep
user address:nmod
string user:nmod
number return:obj
failur number:nmod
reset return:advcl
password reset:obj
attempt address:obl
string address:obl
repres int:acl
number repres:obj
failur number:nmod
number return:obj
failur number:nmod
login failur:compound
password failur:dep
address addr:dep
attempt address:nmod
string attempt:nmod
repres int:acl
number repres:obj
failur number:nmod
occur failur:acl
user exist:nsubj
exist check:ccomp
