data handl:obj
relat data:acl
report relat:xcomp
request report:obj
dao stand:nsubj
databas access:compound
access object:compound
object stand:obl
dao intend:nsubj
intend dao:ccomp
reflect intend:xcomp
databas reflect:nmod
tabl dao:nmod
databas tabl:nmod
complex set:amod
set ad:obl
queri set:nmod
extra dao:amod
dao ad:nsubj
dao assum:nsubj
data valid:nsubj
data correct:nsubj
valid assum:ccomp
correct assum:ccomp
correct valid:conj
paramet setter:conj
factori constructor:nmod
dao access:nsubj
dao access:nsubj
dao factori access:obl
connect dao factori:dep
dao access:obj
typic constructor:amod
sql connect:compound
connect obtain:obj
full bean:amod
bean return:dep
describ return:acl
report request:compound
request describ:obj
databas bean:nmod
describ bean:acl
report request:compound
request describ:obj
return report:nsubj
request report:obj
personnel mid:nmod
question personnel:nmod
report request:compound
report request:compound
specif patient:amod
mid pid:dep
patient mid:nmod
question patient:nmod
report request:compound
request add:obj
report request:nmod
mid request mid:obj
request mid:nmod
mid patient mid:dep
patient mid:nmod
question patient:nmod
request date:dep
report request:compound
status set:obj
report request:compound
request status:nmod
question request:nmod
date view:nsubj
request date:dep
