pig udf:compound
read udf:dep
write udf:dep
write read:conj
avro data:compound
data read:obj
instanc creat:obj
pig function:compound
storag function:compound
function instanc:nmod
load eful:advcl
data load:obl
instanc creat:obj
pig function:compound
storag function:compound
function instanc:nmod
input output:compound
output schema:compound
schema specifi:obj
context signatur:compound
udf instanc:compound
instanc signatur:nmod
intern function:amod
function object:nsubj
udf instanc:compound
properti object:compound
udf instanc:compound
intern function:amod
function object:nsubj
udf instanc:compound
class signatur:compound
udf signatur:compound
signatur class:nmod
signatur string:compound
string object:nsubj
properti string:dep
udf instanc:compound
avro schema:compound
schema read:obj
locat read:obl
file job:compound
job locat:nmod
hadoop object:compound
job object:compound
object locat:dep
avro schema:compound
schema object:compound
object deriv:nsubj
deriv locat:parataxis
file deriv:obl
avro schema:compound
schema read:obj
locat read:obl
file job:compound
job locat:nmod
hadoop object:compound
job object:compound
object locat:dep
avro schema:compound
schema object:compound
object deriv:nsubj
deriv locat:parataxis
file deriv:obl
output schema:compound
avro schema:compound
output schema:compound
avro schema:compound
schema set:obj
avro schema:compound
util function:compound
output schema:compound
udf properti:compound
instanc properti:nmod
store function:compound
function instanc:nmod
output schema:compound
udf schema:nmod
udf instanc:compound
input schema:compound
avro schema:compound
input schema:compound
avro schema:compound
schema set:obj
helper function:compound
function read:nsubj
input schema:compound
avro schema:compound
schema read:obj
udf properti:compound
properti read:obl
input schema:compound
avro schema:compound
util function:compound
input schema:compound
avro schema:compound
udf properti:compound
properti schema:nmod
updat schema:compound
instanc schema:nmod
list pass:nsubj
requir field:amod
field list:nmod
pig pass:obl
push pass:obl
project pass:obl
