default expir:compound
offset expir:acl
event offset:obl
default expir:compound
offset expir:acl
infer expir:amod
expir infinit:nsubj
offset expir:acl
expir guarante:nsubj
expir guarante:nsubj
offset infer:dep
rule author:compound
author requir:nsubj
includ requir:xcomp
tempor constraint:amod
constraint includ:obj
rule includ:obl
event class:compound
class design:nsubj
current behavior:amod
behavior default:nsubj
fix expir:amod
expir behavior:dep
offset expir:acl
option attribut:amod
attribut ad:nsubj
ad default:conj
enabl ad:xcomp
behavior enabl:obj
fix expir:amod
expir offset:nsubj
type fix:nsubj
fix expir:amod
public class:amod
class event:compound
type default:nsubj
public class:amod
class event:compound
automat event:amod
lifetim manag:compound
memori manag:compound
fix expir:amod
expir moment:nmod
offset expir:acl
rule analys:obj
determin analys:conj
offset expir:acl
rule includ:nsubj
tempor constraint:amod
constraint includ:obj
tough burden:amod
burden constraint:acl
rule author:compound
author burden:nmod
featur relat:nsubj
behavior touch:nsubj
code touch:obj
fix implement:nsubj
implement touch:advcl
