hcp creat:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur creat:obj
offic visit:compound
visit creat:obl
hcp view:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur view:obj
offic visit:compound
visit procedur:nmod
hcp reassign:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur reassign:obj
hcp remov:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur remov:obj
hcp add:nsubj
hcp updat:nsubj
commentari add:obj
pend procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur add:obl
updat add:conj
lab status:compound
procedur status:compound
status updat:obj
complet updat:advcl
patient view:nsubj
lab view:iobj
procedur result:compound
result view:obj
lab technician:compound
technician view:nsubj
prioriti queue:compound
queue view:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur queue:nmod
lab technician:compound
technician record:nsubj
result record:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur result:nmod
lab technician:compound
technician updat:nsubj
status updat:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur status:nmod
receiv updat:advcl
event log:nsubj
