lhcp creat:nsubj
uap lhcp:conj
uap creat:nsubj
list creat:obj
patient list:nmod
ad creat:advcl
confirm creat:advcl
confirm ad:conj
patient ad:obj
mid patient:nmod
monitor ad:advcl
patient choos:nsubj
input choos:xcomp
physiolog measur:amod
measur input:obj
blood pressur:dep
pressur input:dep
glucos level:compound
level input:dep
level pressur:conj
input choos:conj
weight read:compound
height weight:conj
height read:compound
pedomet weight:conj
pedomet read:compound
read input:dep
pressur level:compound
glucos pressur:conj
glucos level:compound
level blood:dep
weight read:compound
height weight:conj
height read:compound
pedomet weight:conj
pedomet read:compound
read blood:conj
patient read:nmod
separ list:amod
list monitor:obl
physiolog pedomet:amod
height weight:compound
weight physiolog:conj
weight pedomet:amod
pedomet read:compound
read list:nmod
patient repres:compound
repres input:nsubj
blood pressur:compound
pressur input:obj
glucos level:compound
level input:obj
level pressur:conj
height input:obj
height pressur:conj
weight input:obj
weight pressur:conj
pedomet read:compound
read input:obj
read pressur:conj
patient read:nmod
physiolog point:amod
data point:compound
day point:nmod
report point:acl
uap report:obl
person repres:amod
repres report:obl
height data:compound
point data:compound
weight point:compound
data point:compound
point data:compound
pedomet point:conj
pedomet data:compound
data point:nsubj
point data:acl
day point:obl
report day:acl
uap report:obl
person repres:amod
repres report:obl
