client driver:compound
driver treat:nsubj
boolean column:amod
column treat:obj
embed driver:amod
boolean column:amod
system tabl:compound
tabl select:obl
instanc select:obl
queri select:nsubj
boolean valu:amod
valu select:obj
systemalia select:obj
embed driver:amod
client embed:conj
client driver:amod
driver handl:nsubj
handl discrep:acl
boolean column:amod
column handl:obj
embed behavior:amod
behavior correct:nsubj
client behavior:compound
behavior conform:nsubj
conform correct:conj
spec attach:obj
describ attach:xcomp
boolean valu:amod
valu return:obj
part nice:obl
expand support:amod
support part:nmod
boolean datatyp:amod
datatyp support:nmod
boolean valu:amod
valu return:obj
cast explicit:ccomp
string valu:compound
valu cast:obl
boolean cast:obl
standard sql:amod
boolean valu:amod
valu cast:obl
string type:nsubj
cast type:acl
boolean cast:obl
expand support:amod
support part:nmod
boolean datatyp:amod
datatyp support:nmod
cast type:amod
string type:compound
type defin:nsubj
boolean type:nmod
part defin:obl
section part:appos
cast specif:compound
specif section:dep
general rule:amod
rule section:appos
whitespac trim:obj
string trim:obl
rule appli:obj
section appli:obl
liter section:nmod
trim string:amod
string true:nsubj
fals case:obl
unknown fals:conj
unknown case:obl
case true:obl
boolean type:amod
type argument:nmod
boolean argument:amod
expand support:amod
support part:nmod
boolean datatyp:amod
datatyp support:nmod
tabl function:nsubj
return function:xcomp
boolean column:amod
column return:obj
function return:nsubj
tabl return:obj
boolean column:amod
column return:obl
boolean enabl:obj
type boolean:acl
column type:obj
boolean column:amod
