task involv:nsubj
ad involv:xcomp
modifi involv:xcomp
modifi ad:conj
method ad:obj
ad method:acl
expert group:compound
group ad:obl
mustang build:nsubj
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:appos
int column index:compound
long length:amod
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:dep
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:appos
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:appos
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:dep
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:appos
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:appos
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:dep
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:appos
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:appos
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:dep
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:appos
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:appos
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:dep
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:dep
int column index:compound
long length:amod
length column index:dep
string column:compound
long length:amod
length column:dep
int column index:compound
int length:compound
length column index:dep
int column index:compound
string column:compound
int length:compound
length column:dep
string column:compound
column modifi:obj
long length:amod
