databas encrypt:obj
initi implement:amod
implement idea:nmod
exclus access:amod
log requir:nsubj
requir data:conj
copi requir:obl
log encrypt:nsubj
high level:amod
plan level:nsubj
forc access:dep
exclus access:amod
put access:acl
work put:obj
level store:compound
store access:nmod
boot method:compound
recoveri redo:obj
usual redo:obl
entri point:compound
copi encrypt:compound
encrypt oper:compound
copi encrypt:compound
encrypt process:compound
set handl:obl
url flag:compound
flag pass:nsubj
store pass:obl
boot time:compound
time pass:obl
flag provid:nsubj
current flag:amod
encrypt flag:compound
flag input:nmod
high level:amod
request connect:nsubj
provid todo:appos
exact syntax:amod
flag syntax:compound
syntax provid:obj
work log:obj
exist encrypt:amod
encrypt copi:conj
file encrypt:obj
databas encrypt:obl
target file:compound
data directori:compound
track suffix:acl
similar tabl:amod
current process:amod
process similar:obl
drop handl:obj
tabl file:appos
transact manner:compound
consist manner:amod
log manner:acl
entir tabl:amod
tabl log:obj
entir sync:nsubj
encrypt entir:acl
destin file:compound
file guarante:nsubj
guarante encrypt:ccomp
disk sync:obl
transact commit:nsubj
file read:nsubj
file written:nsubj
cach read:obl
exist mechan:amod
written read:conj
encrypt file:amod
encrypt file:acl
encrypt switch:dep
file encrypt:obj
log oper:compound
process roll:nsubj
encrypt oper:compound
oper roll:obl
transact fail:nsubj
time switch:compound
read switch:appos
chang encrypt:compound
encrypt log:obj
log record:compound
record encrypt:nmod
transact commit:obj
someway handl:nsubj
crash handl:obj
step crash:nmod
data checkpoint:dep
point guarante:nsubj
guarante checkpoint:dep
request catch:obj
encrypt request:acl
