derbi collat:obl
ad collat:ccomp
featur ad:obj
charact type:compound
string type:compound
base territori:acl
persist column:amod
charact column:compound
string type:compound
type column:compound
column collat:nmod
system schema:compound
schema column:nmod
charact type:compound
type compar:nsubj
collat type:compound
derbi throw:nsubj
derbi codelin:compound
comparison support:nsubj
varchar comparison:nmod
char comparison:nmod
char varchar:conj
error messag:compound
messag mislead:nsubj
error mismatch:nsubj
collat mismatch:compound
error fix:obj
real reason:amod
connect nodb:compound
true creat:ccomp
comparison support:nsubj
varchar comparison:nmod
char comparison:nmod
char varchar:conj
support error:parataxis
