enhanc propos:acl
derbi manag:nmod
built manag:amod
ddl manag:compound
manag enhanc:obj
propos spec:compound
attach spec:acl
jira attach:obl
featur aim:nsubj
improv aim:advcl
user built:obl
manag improv:ccomp
derbi manag:obl
provid manag:advcl
intuit interfac:amod
familiar intuit:conj
familiar interfac:amod
ddl interfac:compound
interfac provid:obj
built user:amod
user defin:nsubj
system defin:obl
databas level:compound
level defin:obl
level system:conj
er defin:nsubj
creat er:acl
system level:compound
level creat:obl
jvm defin:obl
derbi properti:compound
system properti:compound
properti defin:obl
properti jvm:conj
file defin:obl
built user:amod
user defin:nsubj
creat user:acl
databas level:compound
level creat:obl
call defin:obl
derbi procedur:compound
system procedur:compound
procedur defin:obl
databas properti:compound
properti set:obj
defin conveni:csubj
defin practic:csubj
user defin:obj
system level:compound
level defin:obl
practic conveni:conj
develop phase:compound
phase conveni:obl
eod phase:dep
applic phase:nmod
user password:nmod
password encrypt:nsubj
encrypt conveni:parataxis
applic prefer:obl
creat prefer:xcomp
user creat:obj
databas level:compound
level creat:obl
password encrypt:nsubj
encrypt creat:advcl
real ansi:amod
ansi standard:compound
sql standard:compound
manag user:amod
user standard:nmod
sql user:nmod
provid eas:advcl
intuit interfac:amod
interfac provid:obj
built manag:amod
manag eas:obj
databas level:compound
level eas:obl
derbi adopt:nmod
adopt eas:obl
adopt level:conj
