chang user:acl
interv chang:obj
consecut valu:amod
valu interv:nmod
ident column:compound
column valu:nmod
alter tabl:compound
valu chang:obj
generat chang:advcl
ident column:compound
column generat:obl
support handi:nsubj
derbi support:nmod
tabl handi:obl
ident column:compound
column tabl:nmod
defin column:acl
defin column:acl
generat default:compound
default defin:obl
uniqu key:amod
key defin:obl
defin key:acl
column default:compound
defin default:amod
generat defin:advcl
valu generat:obj
valu suppli:obj
defin column:acl
data import:obj
generat column:amod
column import:obl
problem creat:obj
system insert:nsubj
generat system:acl
valu generat:obj
conflict generat:obl
insert creat:advcl
valu insert:obj
tabl tauto:compound
tauto creat:iobj
int tauto:dep
generat int:acl
default generat:obl
ident generat:obl
int ident:appos
uniqu tauto ind:amod
index tauto ind:compound
tauto ind creat:obj
tauto creat:obl
valu insert:obl
system generat:nsubj
valu generat:obj
ident column:compound
column valu:nmod
manual insert:amod
ident column:compound
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
tauto valu:compound
valu insert:obl
ident column:compound
point column:nmod
system generat:nsubj
valu generat:obj
system generat:nsubj
insert throw:nsubj
system consum:nsubj
point consum:obl
valu insert:obl
insert continu:nsubj
fail continu:xcomp
system consum:nsubj
consum fail:advcl
valu consum:obj
add alter:csubj
tabl syntax:compound
syntax alter:obj
valu chang:obj
generat chang:advcl
valu fail:obl
generat valu:acl
manual insert:amod
insert generat:obl
insert valu:acl
insert generat:conj
valu insert:obl
sql syntax:compound
standard syntax:amod
chang syntax:acl
generat valu:amod
valu chang:obj
alter constant:dep
tabl tablenam:compound
tablenam alter:nsubj
alter integ:compound
integ tablenam:nmod
