collat kind:nmod
work collat:acl
charact type:compound
string type:compound
type work:obl
project inform:nmod
derbi type:nmod
charact type:compound
string type:compound
valid valu:amod
collat deriv:compound
deriv valu:nmod
collat type:compound
type valu:nmod
type deriv:conj
data type:compound
type appli:obl
field appli:nsubj
sql talk:compound
spec talk:compound
charact type:compound
string type:compound
type talk:nmod
collat type:compound
type deriv:compound
collat type:conj
collat deriv:compound
sql section:compound
spec section:compound
comparison section:dep
charact string:compound
string comparison:nmod
collat deriv:compound
implicit explicit:conj
valid type:amod
collat type:compound
charcter type:compound
string type:compound
collat deriv:compound
collat type:compound
type establish:dep
charact type:compound
string type:compound
type establish:obl
collat deriv:compound
deriv explicit:nsubj
collat claus:compound
charact type:compound
string type:compound
derbi possibl:nmod
plan possibl:advcl
support plan:xcomp
sql collat:nsubj
collat support:ccomp
claus collat:obj
releas collat:obl
collat deriv:compound
deriv implicit:nsubj
collat determin:nsubj
determin implicit:advcl
collat claus:compound
char determin:obl
user set:compound
charact set:compound
set collat:nmod
charact string:compound
string result:nmod
trim oper:compound
operand collat:nmod
collat deriv:compound
aggreg method:amod
method deal:nsubj
charact string:compound
string deal:obl
collat deal:obl
data type:compound
type section:dep
result type:nmod
syntax rule:compound
