data structur:compound
databas data:conj
databas structur:compound
structur hide:obj
embed derbi:amod
derbi hide:obl
user derbi:nmod
requir accomplish:obj
encrypt creat:dep
databas encrypt:obj
data protect:nsubj
protect encrypt:advcl
authent author:compound
sql authent:conj
sql author:compound
author enabl:obj
databas author:nmod
user creat:obj
user creat:obj
owner creat:obj
owner user:conj
store logic:compound
applic logic:compound
procedur store:obj
databs procedur:nmod
tabl accecc:nsubj
applic logic:compound
logic accecc:obl
hide accecc:xcomp
tabl structur:compound
structur hide:obj
select permiss:amod
permiss revok:obj
user revok:obl
describ revok:advcl
tabl describ:obj
protect describ:xcomp
tabl structur:compound
structur protect:obj
execut give:dep
permiss execut:obj
store execut:advcl
procedur store:obj
user store:advcl
step ensur:nsubj
data structur:compound
data structur:compound
structur hidden:nsubj
hidden ensur:ccomp
applic deliv:nsubj
deliv hidden:advcl
select permiss:amod
store procedur:amod
procedur execut:nsubj
enhanc request:obj
derbi request:obl
procecur store:obj
user store:obl
procedur store:obj
execut store:advcl
select permiss:amod
user call:nsubj
store call:dep
procedur store:obj
owner author:compound
store execut:dep
procedur store:obj
user store:obj
user procedur:conj
creat implement:advcl
permiss creat:obj
call permiss:acl
run owner call:obj
owner grant:nsubj
permiss grant:obj
user grant:obl
execut user:acl
store procedur:amod
procedur execut:obj
run owner execut:obl
implement creat:advcl
applic creat:nsubj
hide creat:ccomp
databas structur:compound
structur hide:obj
data hide:obj
data structur:conj
user hide:obl
databas behav:nsubj
blackbox behav:obl
data behav:obl
expos data:acl
store procedur:amod
procedur expos:obl
