sql role:compound
add role:parataxis
parser support:compound
support add:obj
sql role:compound
add role:parataxis
upgrad support:compound
support add:obj
derbi role:compound
role introduc:nsubj
system catalog:compound
catalog introduc:obj
sysrol introduc:dep
databas upgrad:nsubj
hard upgrad:advmod
sql role:compound
implement role:parataxis
author stack:compound
stack implement:xcomp
sql context:compound
session context:compound
context implement:xcomp
context stack:conj
hold context:acl
current languag connect context:amod
user identifi:compound
author identifi:compound
sql session:compound
session identifi:nmod
lcc context:nsubj
share context:amod
nest connect:amod
connect context:nmod
open context:acl
store procedur:amod
procedur open:obl
role store:obl
current role:amod
role store:nsubj
lcc store:obl
sql requir:nsubj
author identif:compound
identif push:nsubj
author stack:compound
stack push:obl
call stack:acl
store procedur:amod
procedur call:obj
vol sql:appos
section sql:appos
current role:amod
store procedur:amod
procedur chang:obl
issu implement:nsubj
current part:amod
role part:compound
part implement:obj
cell part:dep
author stack:compound
stack part:nmod
author stack:compound
stack implement:nsubj
part implement:obl
sql context:compound
session context:compound
context part:nmod
patch implement:nsubj
push part:compound
part implement:obj
sql context:compound
session context:compound
