incomplet write:amod
log record:compound
record write:compound
occur write:acl
order write:nmod
partial order:amod
recogn write:ccomp
complet recogn:advcl
recoveri written:nsubj
current system:amod
system recogn:nsubj
written log:amod
record recogn:obj
check recogn:advcl
record length:nmod
store record:acl
log format:obj
record written:nsubj
disk written:obl
log record:compound
mechan work:nsubj
fine work:xcomp
sector written:nsubj
written work:advcl
sequenti manner:amod
manner written:obl
log record:compound
record size:compound
size sector:nsubj
scsi disk:compound
type disk:compound
order sequenti:nsubj
scsi drive:compound
disk drive:compound
sector reorder:nmod
optim reorder:acl
perform optim:obj
log record:compound
multipl disk:amod
disk sector:compound
sector written:nsubj
written span:acl
scisi type:compound
type written:obl
sector written:nsubj
occur interpret:advcl
recoveri system:compound
system interpret:nsubj
interpret crash:appos
log record:compound
record written:nsubj
replay written:dep
record replay:dep
recoveri error:compound
error lead:obl
data corrupt:compound
corrupt lead:obl
corrupt error:conj
problem occur:nsubj
disk drive:compound
write cach:compound
batteri backup:compound
backup complet:nsubj
