class realm:compound
realm manag:obj
intern class:amod
util class:compound
class warn:dep
public class:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
class chang:nsubj
class delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
normal build:amod
command build:compound
line build:compound
class world load:nsubj
jvm classload:compound
system classload:compound
classload load:obl
includ classload:acl
plexus classworld:compound
classworld includ:obj
jar includ:obl
javaag class:compound
class includ:obl
class jar:conj
class world ing:obj
determin ing:advcl
plugin extens:compound
extens classload:compound
realm classload:compound
parent classload:compound
classload determin:obj
har flexibl:dep
flexibl test:nmod
multipl version:amod
version load:obj
maven version:nmod
dedic classload:amod
classload load:obl
assum load:advcl
state assum:obj
jvm classload:compound
system classload:compound
classload state:nmod
pattern export:nsubj
artifact pattern:nmod
maven core:compound
maven realm:compound
api realm:compound
realm export:obl
artifact filter:nsubj
artifact build:nsubj
plugin filter:obl
build filter:conj
extens realm:compound
realm build:obj
avoid build:advcl
presenc avoid:obj
duplic presenc:nmod
conflict class:amod
class avoid:dep
classpath class:nmod
class realm:compound
realm creat:obj
parent creat:obl
import creat:obl
import parent:conj
realm exclud:obl
