element depend:nmod
project depend:nmod
project group:compound
produc group:acl
depend produc:obj
project group:compound
group produc:obl
maven artifact:compound
depend version:nmod
version rang:nmod
depend type:nmod
repres case:advcl
extens repres:obj
filenam extens:nmod
depend filenam:nmod
type map:nsubj
extens map:obl
classifi map:obl
classifi extens:conj
type correspond:nsubj
packag correspond:obl
exampl jar:nsubj
war jar:conj
ejb client:compound
client jar:conj
test jar:compound
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
type defin:nsubj
plugin defin:obl
set plugin:acl
extens set:obj
true set:advcl
complet list:amod
list defin:parataxis
depend classifi:nmod
filenam append:obl
version append:obl
attach artifact:amod
artifact refer:obl
sourc refer:obl
javadoc refer:obl
javadoc sourc:conj
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
distinguish refer:parataxis
artifact distinguish:obj
belong artifact:acl
pom belong:obl
built artifact:acl
built belong:conj
depend compil:nsubj
compil system:compound
runtim compil:obj
test runtim:appos
system scope:nmod
classpath calcul:obj
test compil:conj
determin assist:advcl
artifact includ:nsubj
includ determin:ccomp
distribut includ:obl
project distribut:nmod
depend mechan:compound
default scope:compound
system scope:compound
discourag note:ccomp
replac note:ccomp
replac discourag:conj
version replac:obl
path specifi:obj
filesystem path:nmod
depend filesystem:nmod
absolut path:amod
path requir:obj
valu path:nmod
relat path:amod
specif path:amod
absolut path:amod
exclus field:dep
depend option:nsubj
depend version:nmod
depend calcul:compound
calcul account:nmod
type string:nsubj
field type:nmod
string boolean:advcl
technic reason:amod
reason string:nmod
semant type:amod
type boolean:nsubj
boolean note:appos
default valu:compound
valu fals:nsubj
field locat:compound
method add exclus:compound
method clone:compound
produc artifact:acl
project group:compound
group produc:obl
maven artifact:compound
artifact group:appos
depend classifi:nmod
filenam append:obl
version append:obl
attach artifact:amod
artifact refer:obl
sourc refer:obl
javadoc refer:obl
javadoc sourc:conj
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
distinguish refer:parataxis
artifact distinguish:obj
belong artifact:acl
pom belong:obl
built artifact:acl
built belong:conj
method exclus:compound
project group:compound
produc group:acl
depend produc:obj
depend option:nsubj
depend version:nmod
depend calcul:compound
calcul account:nmod
type string:nsubj
field type:nmod
string boolean:advcl
technic reason:amod
reason string:nmod
semant type:amod
type boolean:nsubj
boolean note:appos
default valu:compound
valu fals:nsubj
runtim system:compound
test system:dep
classpath calcul:obj
test compil:conj
determin assist:advcl
artifact includ:nsubj
includ determin:ccomp
distribut includ:obl
project distribut:nmod
depend mechan:compound
default scope:compound
system scope:compound
discourag note:ccomp
replac note:ccomp
replac discourag:conj
version replac:obl
path specifi:obj
filesystem path:nmod
depend filesystem:nmod
absolut path:amod
path requir:obj
valu path:nmod
relat path:amod
specif path:amod
absolut path:amod
depend type:nmod
repres case:advcl
extens repres:obj
filenam extens:nmod
depend filenam:nmod
type map:nsubj
extens map:obl
classifi map:obl
classifi extens:conj
type correspond:nsubj
packag correspond:obl
exampl jar:nsubj
war jar:conj
ejb client:compound
client jar:conj
test jar:compound
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
type defin:nsubj
plugin defin:obl
set plugin:acl
extens set:obj
true set:advcl
complet list:amod
list defin:parataxis
depend version:nmod
version rang:nmod
method remov exclus:compound
artifact set:obl
produc artifact:acl
project group:compound
group produc:obl
maven artifact:compound
artifact group:appos
classifi set:obj
depend classifi:nmod
filenam append:obl
version append:obl
attach artifact:amod
artifact refer:obl
sourc refer:obl
javadoc refer:obl
javadoc sourc:conj
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
distinguish refer:parataxis
artifact distinguish:obj
belong artifact:acl
pom belong:obl
built artifact:acl
built belong:conj
list set:obj
artifact set:nmod
exclud set:acl
depend artifact:nmod
artifact exclud:obl
list set:dep
transit depend:amod
depend calcul:obj
project group:compound
group set:obj
produc group:acl
depend produc:obj
depend option:nsubj
depend version:nmod
depend calcul:compound
calcul account:nmod
type string:nsubj
field type:nmod
string boolean:advcl
technic reason:amod
reason string:nmod
semant type:amod
type boolean:nsubj
boolean note:appos
default valu:compound
valu fals:nsubj
set system:dep
scope set:obj
depend set:obl
compil set:dep
runtim system:compound
test system:dep
classpath calcul:obj
test compil:conj
determin assist:advcl
artifact includ:nsubj
includ determin:ccomp
distribut includ:obl
project distribut:nmod
depend mechan:compound
default scope:compound
system scope:compound
scope set:obj
discourag note:ccomp
replac note:ccomp
replac discourag:conj
version replac:obl
path specifi:obj
filesystem path:nmod
depend filesystem:nmod
absolut path:amod
path requir:obj
valu path:nmod
relat path:amod
specif path:amod
absolut path:amod
type set:obj
depend type:nmod
repres case:advcl
extens repres:obj
filenam extens:nmod
depend filenam:nmod
type map:nsubj
extens map:obl
classifi map:obl
classifi extens:conj
type correspond:nsubj
packag correspond:obl
exampl jar:nsubj
war jar:conj
ejb client:compound
client jar:conj
test jar:compound
default handler:compound
artifact handler:compound
type defin:nsubj
plugin defin:obl
set plugin:acl
extens set:obj
true set:advcl
complet list:amod
list defin:parataxis
version set:obj
depend version:nmod
version rang:nmod
