osgi infinispan:nmod
infinispan import:xcomp
osgi repositori:compound
repositori infinispan:obl
configur ad:obj
osgi repositori:compound
repositori infinispan:obl
list depend:amod
depend ignor:obj
configur instal:obl
achiev instal:nsubj
base instal:compound
import packag:compound
packag ad:obj
forc ad:advcl
put forc:xcomp
felix put:obl
depend put:obl
jgroup depend:nmod
jboss marshal:compound
marshal jgroup:appos
jcip jgroup:appos
apach common:amod
common jgroup:appos
infinispan core:amod
default work:obl
librari work:obl
achiev replic:nsubj
osgi replic:obl
import packag:compound
packag tag:compound
tag exclud:obl
librari exclud:obj
infinispan core:amod
core start:nsubj
start librari:acl
default mode:compound
mode start:obl
error start:obl
core bundl:compound
bundl instal:nsubj
thees project:amod
project instal:dep
osgi bundl:compound
bundl instal:obl
transact jboss:obj
version osgi:dep
osgi bundl:compound
version bundl:nmod
issu open:obj
marshal open:dep
issu open:obj
marshal open:dep
log jboss:acl
spi log:obj
jira issu:compound
issu ad:dep
version fix:obl
plugin annot:compound
annot rhq:dep
featur request:compound
request open:obl
patch sent:dep
osgi bundl:compound
respons wait:obl
osgi bundl:compound
jcip annot:compound
patch sent:obj
email patch:nmod
post sent:obl
patch sent:obj
osgi version:compound
depend chang:obj
parent project:compound
proper properti:amod
import packag:compound
packag properti:compound
load fail:xcomp
essenti bundl:acl
core function:amod
infinispan function:nmod
due fail:xcomp
depend fail:obl
essenti depend:acl
