acknowledg algorithm:compound
collector acknowledg:obj
triangl collector:nmod
write oper:compound
oper cach:nmod
origin owner:conj
complet signal:obj
write oper:compound
oper complet:nmod
oper complet:nsubj
tag acknowledg:ccomp
acknowledg discard:csubj
primari owner:amod
owner acknowledg:obl
return valu:compound
valu carri:obj
oper valu:nmod
collector creat:obj
singl oper:amod
key oper:amod
write oper:compound
oper collector:nmod
backup owner:compound
owner backup owner:dep
key owner:nmod
collector creat:obj
primari collect:amod
owner collect:compound
collect primari:dep
backup affect:nsubj
map backup:dep
backup owner:compound
owner map:nmod
segment map:nmod
segment owner:conj
complet acknowledg:obj
backup owner:compound
owner complet:nmod
backup owner:compound
affect segment:acl
acknowledg segment:acl
acknowledg affect:conj
write complet:compound
oper complet:compound
complet acknowledg:obj
backup owner:compound
owner complet:nmod
backup owner:compound
oper execut:compound
execut acknowledg:obl
collector complet:nsubj
wait complet:advcl
acknowledg wait:ccomp
pend id:amod
test purpos:compound
true acknowledg:nsubj
pend owner:case
backup owner:compound
owner acknowledg:advcl
fals owner:amod
test purpos:dep
chang notifi:obj
member list:compound
list chang:nmod
cluster member:compound
timeout executor:compound
executor invok:obl
timeout expir:nsubj
expir executor:acl
futur complet:obj
futur complet:nsubj
complet invok:advcl
relat task:acl
collector relat:obl
task includ:nsubj
task cancel:nsubj
remov includ:xcomp
collector remov:obj
map remov:obl
cancel includ:conj
timeout task:compound
task cancel:obj
