index configur:obj
entri index:nmod
cach entri:nmod
search cach:acl
enabl index:amod
index enabl:obj
index share:nsubj
cluster share:obl
prevent share:xcomp
redund index:amod
index prevent:obj
updat index:nmod
singl properti:amod
properti defin:obj
multipl time:amod
properti defin:obj
full set:amod
set overridden:nsubj
properti pass:nsubj
embed engin:amod
hibern search:compound
search engin:compound
engin pass:obl
complet properti:amod
date document:compound
properti refer:nsubj
refer pass:advcl
hibern search:compound
search refer:compound
version refer:nmod
infinispan queri:compound
key properti:amod
properti valu:compound
key valu:amod
properti valu:compound
valu search:obj
method chain:compound
chain search:obl
singl valu:amod
valu defin:obj
multipl time:amod
properti valu:compound
valu defin:obj
full set:amod
set overridden:nsubj
properti pass:nsubj
embed engin:amod
hibern search:compound
search engin:compound
engin pass:obl
complet properti:amod
date document:compound
properti refer:nsubj
refer pass:advcl
hibern search:compound
search refer:compound
version refer:nmod
infinispan queri:compound
key properti:amod
properti valu:compound
key valu:amod
properti valu:compound
valu search:obj
method chain:compound
chain search:obl
queri engin:compound
engin reli:nsubj
properti reli:obl
configur properti:nmod
properti pass:nsubj
embed engin:amod
hibern search:compound
search engin:compound
engin pass:obl
complet properti:amod
date document:compound
properti refer:nsubj
refer pass:advcl
hibern refer:compound
search refer:compound
version refer:nmod
infinispan queri:compound
properti prop:dep
method chain:compound
enabl appli:advcl
properti configur:compound
default configur:compound
configur appli:obl
base chain:case
cach chain:compound
type auto config:compound
auto config chain:compound
boolean chain:amod
chain appli:advcl
