health care:compound
care personnel:compound
personnel enter:nsubj
personnel confirm:nsubj
mid enter:obj
patient mid:nmod
confirm enter:conj
select confirm:obj
health care:compound
care personnel:compound
personnel enter:nsubj
edit inform:compound
person health:amod
health inform:compound
inform enter:obj
includ inform:case
patient inform:compound
inform enter:obl
data format:compound
format inform:appos
insur inform:compound
inform enter:obl
emerg inform:compound
contact inform:compound
patient health:nmod
health inform:dep
inform enter:obl
requir inform:dep
drug allergi:compound
patient pass:nsubj
provid pass:parataxis
diagnosi code:compound
code provid:obj
hcp select:nsubj
hcp add:nsubj
medic select:obj
pull list:amod
list select:obl
add select:conj
list add:obl
medic list:nmod
patient allerg:nsubj
allerg medic:acl
medic check:nsubj
patient check:obl
current patient:amod
futur prescript:amod
prescript check:obl
prescript patient:conj
hcp notifi:nsubj
current prescript:amod
futur current:conj
futur prescript:amod
prescript notifi:obl
drug allergi:compound
