hcp enter:nsubj
hcp confirm:nsubj
mid enter:obj
confirm enter:conj
select confirm:obj
hcp document:compound
relat inform:acl
offic visit:compound
visit relat:obl
event log:nsubj
requir option:dep
inform design:nsubj
design requir:ccomp
inform option:nsubj
date requir:nsubj
locat hospit:dep
offic visit:compound
visit locat:nmod
default locat:nsubj
hcp locat:nmod
home locat:compound
locat visit:dep
requir locat:acl
appoint type:compound
type requir:nsubj
number note:dep
charact note:appos
carriag return:compound
return blankspac:conj
input valu:compound
send option:acl
patient send:iobj
bill statement:compound
statement send:obj
basic metric:compound
health metric:compound
requir metric:dep
prescrib medic:amod
ndc medic:dep
data medic:appos
format data:appos
lab procedur:compound
order procedur:acl
loinc code:compound
format data:dep
specif instruct:amod
instruct patient:dep
code diagnos:nmod
medic procedur:amod
cpt code:compound
code procedur:appos
perform procedur:acl
cpt code:compound
patient referr:compound
hcp return:nsubj
hcp modifi:nsubj
offic visit:compound
visit return:obl
modifi return:conj
delet return:conj
delet modifi:conj
field modifi:obj
offic visit:compound
visit field:nmod
note visit:dep
prescript note:appos
laboratori procedur:compound
procedur note:dep
referr procedur:appos
diagnos procedur:appos
procedur diagnos:appos
immun diagnos:appos
immun procedur:conj
event log:nsubj
hcp return:nsubj
return log:conj
specif record:amod
offic record:compound
visit record:compound
record return:obl
verifi return:xcomp
hcp select:nsubj
medic select:obj
prescrib medic:acl
pull list:amod
list prescrib:obl
milligram dosag:nmod
start date:compound
date dosag:conj
prescript date:nmod
special instruct:amod
instruct dosag:conj
blankspac return:compound
carriag blankspac:conj
carriag return:compound
hcp provid:nsubj
instruct provid:obj
default valu:compound
form valu:compound
field valu:compound
valu provid:obj
valu instruct:conj
add provid:conj
prescript add:obj
hcp add:nsubj
prescript add:obj
list add:obl
medic list:nmod
