administr maintain:nsubj
add maintain:dep
updat add:obj
list maintain:obj
immun maintain:obl
administr store:nsubj
cpt code:compound
code cpt:dep
cpt code:compound
code describ:nsubj
code design:nsubj
set code:acl
medic surgic:amod
surgic describ:obj
diagnost servic:amod
servic describ:obj
servic surgic:conj
design describ:conj
communic design:xcomp
uniform inform:amod
inform communic:obj
medic servic:amod
servic communic:obl
procedur communic:obl
procedur servic:conj
physician store:obl
coder store:obl
coder physician:conj
patient store:obl
patient physician:conj
accredit organ:compound
organ store:obl
organ physician:conj
payer store:obl
payer physician:conj
administr purpos:amod
financi administr:conj
financi purpos:amod
analyt administr:conj
analyt purpos:amod
purpos payer:nmod
alpha cpt:conj
charact give:nsubj
give cpt:dep
administr maintain:nsubj
list maintain:obj
diagnos list:nmod
administr store:nsubj
intern classif:compound
statist classif:compound
diseas classif:nmod
relat problem:amod
health problem:compound
abbrevi icd:compound
diseas classifi:obj
wide varieti:amod
varieti classifi:obj
varieti diseas:conj
sign varieti:nmod
symptom varieti:nmod
symptom sign:conj
abnorm find:amod
find varieti:nmod
find sign:conj
complaint varieti:nmod
complaint sign:conj
social circumst:amod
circumst varieti:nmod
circumst sign:conj
diseas injuri:conj
nhcs classif:compound
diseas classif:nmod
function classif:nmod
function diseas:conj
disabl classif:nmod
disabl diseas:conj
diagnosi diseas:nmod
classif diseas:dep
diagnosi chronic:nsubj
chronic classif:dep
long term:amod
short term:conj
short term:compound
term classif:dep
alphanumer charact:amod
give classif:conj
administr maintain:nsubj
add maintain:dep
updat add:obj
list maintain:obj
drug maintain:obl
administr store:nsubj
nation drug:compound
drug code:compound
code identifi:nsubj
nation drug:compound
drug code:compound
ndc code:dep
univers identifi:amod
product identifi:compound
unit state:compound
intend drug:acl
nation directori:compound
drug directori:compound
code directori:compound
administr maintain:nsubj
add maintain:dep
updat add:obj
list maintain:obj
physic servic:amod
servic maintain:obl
includ procedur:case
laboratori procedur:compound
procedur servic:nmod
administr store:nsubj
inform store:obj
loinc code:compound
code inform:nmod
logic identifi:compound
observ identifi:compound
identifi store:obj
identifi inform:conj
code databas:nsubj
databas identifi:acl
univers standard:amod
standard store:obj
standard inform:conj
identifi standard:acl
medic observ:amod
laboratori observ:compound
observ identifi:obj
medic informat:compound
informat loinc:dep
data format:compound
format loinc:obl
administr choos:nsubj
upload choos:xcomp
file upload:obj
loinc inform:compound
code inform:compound
administr select:nsubj
administr choos:nsubj
file select:obj
loinc inform:compound
choos select:conj
upload choos:xcomp
loinc data:amod
data ad:nsubj
file data:nmod
list ad:obl
physic servic:amod
servic list:nmod
includ procedur:case
laboratori procedur:compound
procedur servic:nmod
data support:obl
format data:dep
field updat:nsubj
data format:compound
format field:nmod
