hcp creat:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur creat:obj
offic visit:compound
visit creat:obl
hcp select:nsubj
procedur code:compound
code select:obj
prioriti select:obj
prioriti code:conj
import prioriti:dep
lab technician:compound
technician select:obj
technician code:conj
list code:acl
specialti list:obl
number list:obl
number specialti:conj
pend procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur number:nmod
prioriti queue:compound
queue procedur:nmod
group queue:acl
prioriti group:obl
hcp save:nsubj
hcp cancel:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur save:obj
cancel save:conj
lab procedur:compound
procedur creation:compound
creation cancel:obj
status mark:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur status:nmod
transit mark:obl
hcp view:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur view:obj
offic visit:compound
visit procedur:nmod
hcp view:nsubj
lab code:compound
procedur code:compound
code view:obj
current status:amod
lab status:compound
procedur status:compound
status view:obj
timestamp view:obj
lab technician:compound
technician view:obj
hcp reassign:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur reassign:obj
lab technician:compound
technician reassign:obl
lab procedur:compound
procedur state:nsubj
test state:compound
state technician:dep
hcp select:nsubj
lab technician:compound
technician select:obj
list select:obl
lab technician:compound
technician list:nmod
display technician:acl
lab specialti:compound
technician specialti:compound
specialti display:obl
number display:obl
number specialti:conj
pend procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur number:nmod
prioriti queue:compound
queue procedur:nmod
group queue:acl
prioriti group:obl
hcp confirm:nsubj
hcp cancel:nsubj
reassign confirm:obj
cancel confirm:conj
reassign cancel:obj
hcp remov:nsubj
creat procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur remov:obj
offic visit:compound
visit procedur:nmod
hcp choos:nsubj
remov choos:xcomp
lab procedur:compound
procedur remov:obj
status receiv:nsubj
hcp prompt:nsubj
confirm prompt:xcomp
lab procedur:compound
procedur remov:obj
hcp add:nsubj
commentari add:obj
pend procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur add:obl
hcp enter:nsubj
comment enter:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur comment:nmod
status enter:obl
pend status:nmod
enter updat:advcl
comment enter:obj
lab status:compound
procedur status:compound
status updat:nsubj
complet updat:advcl
patient view:nsubj
lab view:iobj
procedur view:obj
offic page:compound
visit page:compound
current status:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur status:nmod
timestamp status:nmod
timestamp procedur:conj
lab status:compound
procedur status:compound
status mark:nsubj
complet mark:advcl
hcp result:conj
lab technician:compound
technician view:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur assign:obj
lab technician:compound
lab procedur:compound
procedur list:nmod
assign procedur:acl
receiv status:acl
lab procedur:compound
procedur list:nmod
remain procedur:acl
transit remain:obl
list sort:nsubj
receiv procedur:amod
lab procedur:compound
procedur list:nmod
prioriti sort:obl
import sort:obl
secondari sort:amod
timestamp sort:nmod
oldest timestamp:dep
newest oldest:dep
lab procedur:compound
procedur mark:nsubj
receiv list:amod
list procedur:nmod
status mark:obl
test status:nmod
lab procedur:compound
receiv status:acl
list sort:nsubj
transit lab:compound
lab procedur:compound
procedur list:nmod
timestamp sort:obl
oldest sort:obl
lab technician:compound
lab code:compound
procedur code:compound
lab technician:compound
technician record:nsubj
result record:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur result:nmod
lab technician:compound
technician enter:nsubj
lab procedur:compound
procedur enter:obj
numer result:amod
result procedur:dep
confid interv:compound
interv enter:obj
interv procedur:conj
lab procedur:compound
procedur interv:nmod
status enter:obl
test status:nmod
record updat:advcl
result record:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur result:nmod
status updat:nsubj
pend updat:obl
lab technician:compound
technician updat:nsubj
status updat:obj
lab procedur:compound
procedur status:nmod
receiv updat:advcl
list updat:obl
transit lab:compound
lab procedur:compound
procedur list:nmod
lab technician:compound
technician updat:nsubj
status updat:obj
receiv updat:advcl
sampl receiv:nsubj
lab receiv:obl
