person repres:amod
repres choos:nsubj
patient repres:nmod
send choos:xcomp
messag send:obj
lhcp send:obl
multipl recipi:amod
recipi lhcp:dep
singl messag:amod
patient repres:compound
repres present:nsubj
pull menu:amod
menu present:obl
dlhcp menu:nmod
patient repres:compound
repres choos:nsubj
repres click:nsubj
type choos:obj
subject type:dep
charact subject:dep
text type:conj
messag text:nmod
charact messag:dep
click choos:conj
send button:compound
button click:obj
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
timestamp show:obj
timestamp subject:conj
includ timestamp:acl
date includ:obj
time includ:obj
time date:conj
patient repres:compound
repres outbox:nmod
messag outbox:compound
outbox visibl:obl
bold row:amod
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
timestamp show:obj
timestamp subject:conj
lhcp inbox:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox visibl:obl
fake email:amod
email sent:nsubj
lhcp sent:obl
alert lhcp:acl
user alert:obj
messag arriv:nsubj
arriv alert:ccomp
messag sent:nsubj
sent direct:advcl
patient direct:nsubj
person repres:amod
repres patient:conj
repres direct:nsubj
messag outbox:compound
outbox direct:obl
lhcp choos:nsubj
send choos:xcomp
messag send:obj
patient repres:compound
repres send:obl
multipl recipi:amod
recipi repres:dep
singl messag:amod
lhcp enter:nsubj
lhcp confirm:nsubj
confirm enter:conj
patient repres:compound
repres mid:nmod
mid confirm:obj
lhcp type:compound
subject type:dep
charact subject:dep
text type:conj
messag text:nmod
charact messag:dep
click type:conj
send button:compound
button click:dep
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
timestamp show:obj
timestamp subject:conj
lhcp outbox:nmod
messag outbox:compound
outbox visibl:obl
bold row:amod
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
timestamp show:obj
timestamp subject:conj
patient repres:compound
repres inbox:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox visibl:obl
fake email:amod
email sent:nsubj
sent visibl:conj
patient repres:compound
repres sent:obl
lhcp messag:nmod
messag sent:nsubj
sent direct:advcl
lhcp direct:nsubj
messag outbox:compound
outbox direct:obl
patient repres:compound
patient repres:compound
messag repli:obl
patient repres:compound
repres view:nsubj
messag inbox:compound
inbox view:obj
patient repres:compound
repres open:nsubj
repres click:nsubj
messag open:obj
click open:conj
repli link:compound
link click:obj
messag text:compound
text click:obl
patient repres:compound
repres enter:nsubj
text enter:obj
respons messag:compound
messag text:nmod
charact enter:dep
click enter:dep
send button:compound
button click:nsubj
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
preced row:acl
timestamp row:conj
timestamp visibl:nsubj
patient repres:compound
repres outbox:nmod
messag outbox:compound
outbox visibl:obl
bold row:amod
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
preced row:acl
timestamp row:conj
timestamp visibl:nsubj
lhcp inbox:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox visibl:obl
fake email:amod
email sent:nsubj
lhcp sent:obl
alert lhcp:acl
lhcp alert:obj
messag repli:compound
repli arriv:nsubj
arriv alert:ccomp
messag repli:obl
lhcp view:nsubj
messag inbox:compound
inbox view:obj
lhcp open:nsubj
lhcp click:nsubj
messag open:obj
click open:conj
repli link:compound
link click:obj
messag text:compound
text click:obl
lhcp enter:nsubj
text enter:obj
respons messag:compound
messag text:nmod
charact enter:dep
click enter:dep
send button:compound
button click:nsubj
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
preced row:acl
timestamp row:conj
timestamp visibl:nsubj
lhcp outbox:nmod
messag outbox:compound
outbox visibl:obl
bold row:amod
row visibl:nsubj
show row:acl
messag subject:compound
subject show:obj
preced row:acl
timestamp row:conj
timestamp visibl:nsubj
patient repres:compound
repres inbox:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox visibl:obl
fake email:amod
email sent:nsubj
patient repres:compound
repres sent:obl
alert repres:acl
patient repres:compound
repres alert:obj
messag repli:compound
repli arriv:nsubj
arriv alert:ccomp
patient user:dep
patient repres:amod
repres user:dep
repres patient:conj
lhcp user:dep
lhcp patient:conj
messag read:obj
messag inbox:compound
inbox read:obl
outbox read:obl
outbox inbox:conj
user choos:nsubj
open choos:xcomp
messag outbox:compound
inbox outbox:compound
outbox open:obj
row includ:nsubj
messag outbox:compound
inbox outbox:compound
outbox row:nmod
messag subject:compound
subject includ:obj
case sender:nmod
inbox case:nmod
recipi sender:conj
case recipi:nmod
outbox case:nmod
timestamp includ:obj
timestamp subject:conj
default order:obl
messag order:nsubj
messag outbox:compound
inbox outbox:compound
outbox messag:nmod
timestamp order:obl
row bold:nsubj
unread messag:amod
messag row:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox messag:nmod
user select:nsubj
messag select:obj
messag outbox:compound
inbox outbox:compound
outbox messag:nmod
read select:advcl
click read:advcl
read link:compound
link click:obj
row click:obl
messag row:nmod
messag subject:compound
subject display:nsubj
timestamp subject:conj
timestamp display:nsubj
messag text:compound
text subject:conj
text display:nsubj
display select:conj
page display:obl
messag bold:obl
messag inbox:compound
inbox messag:nmod
read inbox:acl
display messag:dep
page display:obl
row bold:nsubj
messag row:nmod
messag inbox:compound
inbox messag:nmod
user sort:nsubj
patient user:dep
patient repres:amod
repres user:dep
repres patient:conj
lhcp user:dep
lhcp patient:conj
messag sort:obj
messag inbox:compound
inbox messag:nmod
timestamp inbox:nmod
ascend sort:advcl
descend sort:advcl
descend ascend:conj
order ascend:obj
descend order:amod
order timestamp:nmod
user sort:nsubj
messag sort:obj
messag outbox:compound
outbox messag:nmod
timestamp sort:obl
ascend sort:advcl
descend sort:advcl
descend ascend:conj
order ascend:obj
user select:nsubj
user select:nsubj
option select:obj
sort select:obl
option box:nmod
sender recipi:compound
recipi option:nmod
timestamp option:nmod
timestamp recipi:conj
option select:obj
order select:obl
label order:acl
drop box:compound
box label:obj
option label:obl
ascend option:acl
descend label:obl
descend option:conj
sort button:compound
button click:obj
sort order:amod
order save:nsubj
save note:ccomp
view save:advcl
messag inbox:compound
inbox reopen:nsubj
outbox inbox:conj
outbox reopen:nsubj
reopen view:advcl
default sort:compound
user modifi:nsubj
lhcp repres:compound
patient lhcp:conj
patient repres:compound
repres user:dep
messag modifi:obj
display messag:acl
filter display:obj
modifi display:advcl
filter criteria:compound
criteria modifi:obj
sender criteria:dep
subject word:dep
messag bodi:compound
bodi word:dep
bodi subject:conj
messag bodi:compound
time stamp:compound
stamp modifi:obj
stamp messag:conj
fall stamp:acl
period fall:obl
defin period:acl
start date:compound
date defin:obl
date modifi:obj
date messag:conj
inclus date:dep
user interfac:compound
interfac provid:nsubj
provid modifi:parataxis
option provid:obj
type option:acl
specif date:amod
date type:obl
date format:compound
format date:nmod
option provid:obj
select option:acl
date select:obj
calendar select:obl
current month:amod
month calendar:nmod
singl filter:amod
filter includ:nsubj
includ note:ccomp
valu includ:obj
filter criteria:compound
criteria valu:nmod
filter string:nsubj
filter criteria:compound
criteria filter:nmod
valu filter:conj
valu string:nsubj
empti string:amod
string includ:advcl
indic string:advcl
filter impact:nmod
impos includ:xcomp
constraint impos:obj
relat constraint:acl
criterion relat:obl
user interfac:compound
interfac popul:nsubj
valu popul:obl
filter criteria:compound
criteria valu:nmod
save filter:compound
filter popul:obl
user modifi:nsubj
modifi choos:advcl
criteria modifi:obj
user choos:nsubj
click choos:dep
cancel button:compound
button click:obj
cancel click:advcl
modif cancel:obj
filter modif:nmod
repopul cancel:parataxis
user interfac:compound
interfac repopul:obj
valu repopul:obl
filter criteria:compound
criteria valu:nmod
save filter:compound
filter repopul:obl
click criteria:compound
test search:compound
search button:compound
button click:obj
search click:xcomp
display search:xcomp
messag inbox:compound
inbox display:obj
includ messag:case
messag inbox:nmod
satisfi messag:acl
filter satisfi:obj
criteria filter:nmod
click choos:dep
save button:compound
button click:obj
save click:xcomp
modifi filter:amod
filter save:obj
user appli:nsubj
save filter:acl
login session:compound
session save:obl
save appli:ccomp
filter save:obj
user filter:nmod
empti input:amod
filter criteria:compound
criteria input:nmod
user modifi:nsubj
