chronic patient:amod
special histori:amod
diagnosi histori:compound
histori patient:compound
aliv patient:amod
diagnos patient:acl
diabet mellitus:compound
diagnos mellitus:appos
icd code:compound
code diagnos:obl
asthma diagnos:nsubj
icd diagnos:obl
circulatori system:amod
system diseas:compound
diagnos diseas:dep
icd code:compound
code diagnos:obl
patient list:compound
list titl:nsubj
patient list:amod
list includ:nsubj
phone number:compound
number includ:obj
contact address:compound
email address:compound
address includ:obj
confirm call:compound
call sent:nsubj
email call:conj
sent includ:advcl
trust system:compound
list sort:nsubj
base order:case
ascend order:amod
alphabet order:amod
order sort:advcl
chronic patient:amod
special diagnosi:amod
diagnosi patient:compound
histori patient:compound
patient satisfi:nsubj
satisfi list:advcl
condit satisfi:obj
multipl prescript:amod
satisfi prescript:acl
condit satisfi:obj
patient list:nsubj
static list:compound
link list:nmod
phone number:compound
number list:nmod
number link:conj
contact address:compound
email address:compound
address list:nmod
address link:conj
