hcp choos:nsubj
refer choos:xcomp
patient refer:obj
receiv refer:advcl
hcp receiv:obj
referr featur:amod
featur receiv:obl
patient page:nmod
offic page:compound
visit page:compound
page featur:nmod
send hcp:compound
hcp select:nsubj
receiv hcp:compound
hcp select:obj
enter select:dep
hcp mid:nmod
mid enter:obj
confirm enter:conj
select confirm:obj
search select:dep
hcp search:obl
send present:nsubj
hcp send:obj
text box:compound
box present:obl
includ present:xcomp
note includ:obj
referr includ:obl
send choos:nsubj
hcp send:obj
prioriti choos:obj
import choos:parataxis
referr choos:obl
hcp send:nsubj
hcp cancel:nsubj
hcp edit:nsubj
referr send:obj
cancel send:conj
referr cancel:obj
edit send:conj
referr edit:obj
send includ:advcl
referr send:obj
patient referr:appos
send includ:advcl
hcp send:obj
receiv send:conj
receiv includ:advcl
hcp receiv:obj
messag receiv:obj
summar messag:dep
creat inform:amod
referr inform:amod
inform summar:obj
send summar:dep
specialti send:obj
receiv summar:dep
specialti receiv:obj
referr note:amod
note receiv:obj
referr timestamp:amod
creation timestamp:compound
timestamp receiv:obj
send messag:compound
receiv send:conj
receiv messag:compound
hcp send:obj
messag includ:nsubj
referr prioriti:compound
prioriti includ:obj
hcp choos:nsubj
view choos:xcomp
receiv referr:amod
referr view:obj
receiv hcp:compound
hcp present:nsubj
list present:obl
referr list:nmod
sort referr:acl
prioriti sort:obl
import sort:obl
receiv hcp:compound
hcp select:nsubj
hcp present:nsubj
referr select:obj
view select:advcl
detail view:obj
present select:conj
specialti present:obl
send date:compound
hcp send:obj
referr note:amod
note hcp:appos
referr prioriti:compound
prioriti hcp:appos
offic visit:compound
visit hcp:appos
link date:nmod
offic visit:compound
visit link:nmod
time creat:obl
referr creat:nsubj
creat select:conj
send hcp:compound
hcp view:nsubj
list view:obj
sent list:acl
patient referr:compound
referr sent:obj
hcp sort:nsubj
list sort:obj
referr list:nmod
receiv sort:advcl
generat time:acl
prioriti receiv:obj
hcp choos:nsubj
specif referr:amod
referr choos:obj
list referr:nmod
view list:acl
complet detail:amod
detail view:obj
referr view:obl
specialti receiv:obj
time choos:obj
time referr:conj
generat time:acl
prioriti choos:obj
prioriti referr:conj
offic date:compound
visit date:compound
date prioriti:appos
note choos:obj
note referr:conj
patient view:amod
referr list:nmod
patient sort:nsubj
list sort:obj
referr list:nmod
receiv sort:advcl
generat time:acl
prioriti receiv:obj
patient choos:nsubj
specif referr:amod
referr choos:obj
list choos:obl
view list:acl
complet detail:amod
detail view:obj
referr view:obl
send choos:parataxis
hcp send:iobj
specialti send:obj
receiv send:parataxis
specialti receiv:obj
time receiv:obj
generat time:acl
prioriti receiv:obj
offic date:compound
visit date:compound
date receiv:obj
note receiv:obj
messag send:obj
hcp receiv:obj
request receiv:advcl
appoint schedul:nsubj
schedul request:ccomp
hcp edit:compound
edit send:iobj
creat referr:amod
patient referr:compound
referr send:obj
receiv hcp:amod
hcp view:obl
send edit:nsubj
hcp send:obj
prioriti edit:obj
referr prioriti:nmod
referr note:amod
note prioriti:nmod
note referr:conj
send choos:nsubj
hcp send:obj
save choos:xcomp
edit save:obj
cancel choos:xcomp
cancel save:conj
edit cancel:obj
hcp send:obj
sent referr:dep
patient referr:compound
referr cancel:obj
visit cancel:advcl
offic page:compound
visit page:compound
page visit:obj
view cancel:advcl
view visit:conj
detail view:obj
patient referr:compound
referr sent:obj
choos cancel:advcl
choos visit:conj
cancel choos:ccomp
decis confirm:obj
cancel confirm:advcl
referr cancel:obj
patient receiv:nsubj
receiv patient:dep
hcp receiv:obj
indic receiv:xcomp
referr cancel:nsubj
cancel indic:ccomp
