lhcp uap:compound
uap add:nsubj
uap delet:nsubj
delet add:conj
patient add:obj
monitor list:compound
list add:obl
patient ad:nsubj
list ad:obl
lhcp ad:obl
uap ad:obl
uap lhcp:conj
type uap:acl
patient mid:nmod
mid type:obl
lhcp delet:nsubj
patient delet:obj
monitor list:compound
list delet:obl
lhcp delet:obl
type lhcp:acl
patient mid:nmod
mid type:obj
case present:obl
lhcp present:nsubj
lhcp confirm:nsubj
confirm present:conj
add confirm:obj
delet add:amod
patient choos:obl
monitor list:compound
list patient:nmod
lhcp choos:nsubj
edit choos:xcomp
type submit:nsubj
remot inform:amod
monitor inform:compound
inform type:nmod
blood pressur:compound
pressur inform:dep
glucos level:compound
level pressur:dep
height read:compound
weight height:conj
weight read:compound
pedomet height:conj
pedomet read:compound
read level:appos
submit edit:ccomp
patient submit:obl
default select:obl
type select:nsubj
inform type:nmod
monitor select:obl
patient choos:nsubj
physiolog data:amod
type data:dep
report choos:xcomp
physiolog data:amod
data report:obj
blood pressur:compound
pressur report:obj
systol pressur:dep
diastol pressur:dep
diastol systol:conj
glucos level:compound
level report:obj
level pressur:conj
input data:compound
data save:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp save:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact save:nsubj
lhcp choos:nsubj
view choos:xcomp
physiolog data:amod
data view:obj
monitor view:xcomp
detail monitor:obj
lhcp present:nsubj
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
physiolog data:amod
type data:dep
blood pressur:compound
pressur level:compound
glucos pressur:conj
glucos level:compound
level monitor:nmod
record timestamp:amod
timestamp monitor:conj
report monitor:conj
data report:obj
patient present:dep
patient highlight:nsubj
inform patient:nmod
current day:amod
day inform:nmod
patient highlight:nsubj
patient highlight:nsubj
blood pressur:compound
pressur patient:nmod
glucos level:compound
level patient:nmod
rang patient:nmod
normal pressur:amod
blood pressur:compound
pressur highlight:dep
normal glucos:amod
glucos pressur:dep
lhcp select:nsubj
patient select:obj
obtain patient:acl
addit inform:amod
inform obtain:obj
patient obtain:obl
lhcp select:nsubj
view select:xcomp
addit inform:amod
inform view:obj
patient view:obl
lhcp present:nsubj
screen present:obl
choos screen:acl
date rang:compound
rang choos:obj
date rang:compound
rang select:nsubj
patient phone:compound
phone number:compound
person repres:amod
phone number:compound
number repres:appos
applic repres:dep
blood pressur:compound
glucos level:compound
level pressur:conj
height pressur:conj
weight pressur:conj
pedomet read:compound
read pressur:conj
data report:obj
patient data:dep
date rang:compound
rang report:obl
uap select:nsubj
report select:xcomp
physiolog measur:amod
measur report:obj
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
physiolog data:amod
type data:dep
measur report:obj
patient select:obj
enter select:conj
data enter:obj
blood pressur:compound
pressur report:obj
systol pressur:dep
diastol pressur:dep
diastol systol:conj
glucos level:compound
level report:obj
level pressur:conj
patient report:obl
input data:compound
data report:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp report:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact report:nsubj
status fact:dep
case manag:compound
manag report:obl
mid save:nsubj
save report:conj
applic entri:amod
input entri:compound
entri display:nsubj
patient type:nmod
uap display:obl
patient select:nsubj
report select:xcomp
physiolog measur:amod
measur report:obj
physiolog data:amod
type data:dep
monitor andfor:compound
patient repres:amod
repres andfor:ccomp
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
physiolog data:amod
type data:dep
measur report:obj
patient select:obj
enter select:conj
data enter:obj
blood pressur:compound
pressur report:obj
systol pressur:dep
diastol pressur:dep
diastol systol:conj
glucos level:compound
level report:obj
level pressur:conj
patient report:obl
input data:compound
data save:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp save:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact save:nsubj
status report:nsubj
report fact:dep
patient repres:amod
repres report:obl
mid report:obl
mid repres:conj
applic entri:amod
input entri:compound
entri display:nsubj
patient type:nmod
patient display:obl
patient choos:nsubj
weight height:conj
pedomet data:compound
data height:conj
report choos:xcomp
height pedomet:compound
weight pedomet:compound
pedomet data:compound
data report:obj
daili height:amod
height report:obj
format height:nmod
digit height:nmod
feet unit:nmod
daili weight:amod
weight report:xcomp
format weight:nmod
digit format:nmod
lbs unit:nmod
pedomet read:compound
read report:xcomp
format read:nmod
digit format:nmod
integ digit:nmod
unit integ:nmod
footstep unit:nmod
input data:compound
data save:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp save:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact save:nsubj
applic entri:amod
input entri:compound
entri display:nsubj
patient type:nmod
patient display:obl
lhcp choos:nsubj
view choos:xcomp
height pedomet:compound
weight pedomet:compound
pedomet data:compound
data view:obj
monitor view:xcomp
detail monitor:obj
lhcp present:nsubj
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
weight height:conj
pedomet data:compound
data height:conj
height number:compound
weight height:conj
weight number:compound
pedomet height:conj
pedomet number:compound
read number:compound
number monitor:nmod
record timestamp:amod
timestamp monitor:conj
report monitor:conj
data report:obj
patient highlight:nsubj
inform patient:nmod
current day:amod
day inform:nmod
red highlight:advcl
patient highlight:nsubj
weight valu:compound
record weight:amod
valu patient:nmod
weight valu:compound
valu exceed:nsubj
exceed highlight:advcl
previous valu:amod
weight valu:compound
entri highlight:nsubj
yellow highlight:xcomp
weight valu:compound
previous valu:amod
weight valu:compound
entri highlight:nsubj
yellow highlight:xcomp
lhcp select:nsubj
patient select:obj
obtain patient:acl
addit inform:amod
inform obtain:obj
patient obtain:obl
uap select:nsubj
report select:xcomp
height pedomet:compound
weight pedomet:compound
pedomet measur:compound
measur report:obj
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
weight height:conj
pedomet data:compound
data height:conj
measur report:obj
patient select:obj
enter select:conj
data enter:obj
height read:compound
weight height:conj
weight read:compound
pedomet height:conj
pedomet read:compound
read report:obj
patient report:obl
input data:compound
data save:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp save:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact save:nsubj
status report:nsubj
report fact:dep
case manag:compound
manag report:obl
mid report:obl
mid manag:conj
applic entri:amod
input entri:compound
entri display:nsubj
patient type:nmod
uap display:obl
patient select:nsubj
report select:xcomp
height read:compound
weight height:conj
weight read:compound
pedomet height:conj
pedomet read:compound
read report:obj
patient repres:amod
list present:obl
patient list:nmod
measur report:obj
patient select:obj
enter select:conj
data enter:obj
height read:compound
weight height:conj
weight read:compound
pedomet height:conj
pedomet read:compound
read report:obj
patient read:nmod
input data:compound
data save:nsubj
timestamp data:conj
timestamp save:nsubj
fact data:conj
fact save:nsubj
status report:nsubj
report fact:dep
patient repres:amod
repres report:obl
mid report:obl
mid repres:conj
applic entri:amod
input entri:compound
entri display:nsubj
patient type:nmod
patient display:obl
