public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent present:nsubj
list present:obl
prescript event:compound
drug relat:obl
relat event:amod
advers event:amod
event list:nmod
time period:compound
period present:obl
remov status:acl
sort period:acl
ndc sort:obl
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent select:nsubj
specif report:amod
report detail:nmod
read choos:advcl
report read:obj
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent choos:nsubj
send choos:xcomp
fake email:amod
email send:iobj
messag send:obj
advers report:amod
event report:compound
report send:obl
gain send:advcl
inform gain:obj
report gain:obl
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent choos:nsubj
remov choos:xcomp
advers report:amod
event report:compound
report remov:obj
communic base:obl
report base:obl
report base:obl
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent present:nsubj
list relat:obl
immun list:nmod
relat event:amod
advers event:amod
event present:obl
time period:compound
period event:nmod
remov status:acl
sort period:acl
cpt code:compound
code sort:obl
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent select:nsubj
specif report:amod
report detail:nmod
read choos:advcl
report read:obj
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent choos:nsubj
send choos:xcomp
fake email:amod
email send:iobj
messag send:obj
advers report:amod
event report:compound
report send:obl
gain send:advcl
inform gain:obj
report gain:obl
public health:amod
health agent:compound
agent choos:nsubj
remov choos:xcomp
advers report:amod
event report:compound
report remov:obj
communic base:obl
report base:obl
report base:obl
advers report:amod
event report:compound
remov status:acl
messag sent:nsubj
messag sent:nsubj
remov messag:nmod
advers report:amod
event report:compound
report sent:obl
lhcp sent:obl
involv lhcp:acl
report involv:obl
lhcp prescrib:nsubj
lhcp administ:nsubj
prescrib involv:advcl
drug prescrib:obj
administ involv:advcl
administ prescrib:conj
immun administ:obj
