remov add:conj
monitor list:compound
hcp list:nmod
constructor factori:compound
dao factori factori:dep
dao creat:obj
mid log mid:dep
hcp mid:nmod
edit hcp:acl
monitor list:compound
list edit:obj
patient patient mid:nsubj
current list:amod
hcp list:nmod
remot monitor:amod
monitor list:compound
list patient:nmod
patient mid add:ccomp
patient array:amod
permiss array:compound
array patient mid:obj
indic patient mid:xcomp
patient data:dep
systol pressur:amod
blood pressur:compound
pressur order:obl
diastol pressur:amod
blood pressur:compound
glucos level:compound
level read:compound
weight level:dep
pedomet read:compound
read pressur:appos
ad true:dep
list fals:obl
patient patient mid:nsubj
current list:amod
hcp list:nmod
remot monitor:amod
monitor list:compound
list patient:nmod
patient mid remov:ccomp
patient true:advmod
true patient mid:xcomp
remov patient mid:advcl
list fals:nmod
return patient mid:nsubj
patient list:nsubj
hcp list:nmod
list return:dep
patient mid fals:dep
patient true:advmod
true patient mid:obj
