icd code:compound
code manag:obj
dao stand:nsubj
databas access:compound
access object:compound
object stand:obl
dao intend:nsubj
intend dao:ccomp
reflect intend:xcomp
databas reflect:nmod
tabl dao:nmod
databas tabl:nmod
complex set:amod
set ad:obl
queri set:nmod
extra dao:amod
dao ad:nsubj
dao assum:nsubj
data valid:nsubj
data correct:nsubj
valid assum:ccomp
correct assum:ccomp
correct valid:conj
paramet setter:conj
factori constructor:nmod
dao access:nsubj
dao access:nsubj
dao factori access:obl
connect dao factori:dep
dao access:obj
intern classif:compound
statist classif:compound
diseas classif:nmod
relat problem:amod
health problem:compound
problem classif:nmod
problem diseas:conj
abbrevi icd:compound
diseas classifi:obj
wide varieti:amod
varieti classifi:obj
varieti diseas:conj
sign varieti:nmod
symptom varieti:nmod
symptom sign:conj
abnorm find:amod
find varieti:nmod
find sign:conj
complaint varieti:nmod
complaint sign:conj
social circumst:amod
circumst varieti:nmod
circumst sign:conj
diseas injuri:conj
typic constructor:amod
sql connect:compound
connect obtain:obj
code sort:nsubj
sort return:parataxis
descript return:dep
code descript:nmod
string represent:compound
represent code:dep
code descript:nmod
code diagnosi bean:nmod
code add:obj
diagnosi bean diag:dep
repres diagnosi bean:acl
indic boolean:acl
success indic:obj
code descript:nmod
diagnosi bean diag:dep
repres diagnosi bean:acl
indic boolean:acl
number indic:obj
updat row:amod
row number:nmod
