handl dao:acl
survey data:compound
data handl:obj
dao stand:nsubj
databas access:compound
access object:compound
object stand:obl
dao intend:nsubj
intend dao:ccomp
reflect intend:xcomp
databas reflect:nmod
tabl dao:nmod
databas tabl:nmod
complex set:amod
set ad:obl
queri set:nmod
extra dao:amod
dao ad:nsubj
dao assum:nsubj
data valid:nsubj
data correct:nsubj
valid assum:ccomp
correct assum:ccomp
correct valid:conj
paramet setter:conj
factori constructor:nmod
dao access:nsubj
dao access:nsubj
dao factori access:obl
connect dao factori:dep
dao access:obj
typic constructor:amod
sql connect:compound
connect obtain:obj
survey data:compound
data insert:obj
databas insert:obl
bean repres:nsubj
repres survey bean:dep
user respons:nmod
respons repres:obj
insert respons:acl
date complet:nsubj
survey date:dep
survey data:compound
databas data:nmod
survey bean instanc:nmod
data survey bean:nmod
return survey bean:nmod
return data:conj
question survey:nmod
survey complet:nsubj
offic visit:compound
indic boolean:dep
survey complet:nsubj
complet indic:ccomp
