relat queri:acl
patient remind:amod
remind relat:obl
dao stand:nsubj
databas access:compound
access object:compound
object stand:obl
dao intend:nsubj
intend dao:ccomp
reflect intend:xcomp
databas reflect:nmod
tabl dao:nmod
databas tabl:nmod
complex set:amod
set ad:obl
queri set:nmod
extra dao:amod
dao ad:nsubj
dao assum:nsubj
data valid:nsubj
data correct:nsubj
valid assum:ccomp
correct assum:ccomp
correct valid:conj
paramet setter:conj
factori constructor:nmod
dao access:nsubj
dao access:nsubj
dao factori access:obl
connect dao factori:dep
dao access:obj
typic constructor:amod
sql connect:compound
connect obtain:obj
list return:dep
patient list:nmod
mid hcpid:dep
hcp mid:nmod
question hcp:nmod
visit form:compound
remind form:compound
list return:dep
patient list:nmod
hcp visit:nmod
aliv patient:amod
patient diagnos:nsubj
offic visit:compound
visit patient:appos
circulatori system:amod
system hcpid:nsubj
diseas system:dep
mid hcpid:obj
hcp mid:nmod
question hcpid:obl
visit remind:compound
return shot:nsubj
list determin:nsubj
list call:nsubj
peopl list:nmod
flu shot:nsubj
flu shot:nsubj
current spec:compound
spec shot:obj
aliv patient:amod
patient spec:dep
flu shot:dep
month shot:obl
current year:amod
calendar year:compound
month shot:obl
calendar year:compound
determin return:acl
current date:amod
date determin:obj
call return:acl
call determin:conj
privat method:amod
method return:nsubj
return method:acl
set return:obj
peopl set:nmod
year shot:obl
year shot:nmod
flu shot:compound
remind form:compound
form visit:obj
mid hcpid:dep
hcp mid:nmod
question hcp:nmod
birthday patient birthday:dep
patient birthday:nmod
question patient:nmod
