soft bundl 
array 
primit 
modifi 
interfac 






class 
class 

type descript 
add 
array 
set weak meta class 
updat set mop method 
set weak meta class 
updat add mop method 
add 
add 
array 
assign 
assign 


string 
assign 
cach super class 
set assign 
method 
strong meta class 
add subclass expando 
strong meta class 
strong meta class 
cach class 
class 

compar 

equal 
array content 
return type 
assign 
hash code 
add 
add subclass expando 
groovi runtim 
groovi runtim 
reset cach meta class 
interfac 
class 
class 
list 
interfac 
class 
class 
class 
class 
list 
class 
class 
class 
cach super class 
add subclass expando 
array 

compar 
compar 
sort 
array 
sort 
add 
set strong meta class 
updat set mop method 
set strong meta class 
set strong meta class 
updat set mop method 
initi 
set strong meta class 
set strong meta class 
add 
add 
updat set mop method 
initi 
set strong meta class 
set strong meta class 
updat add mop method 
initi 
set strong meta class 

class 
interfac 
paramet type 
return type 
expando method 
size 
expando subclass method 
class 

class 

size 
cach field 
cach constructor 
array 
cach super class 
add 
cach super class 
class 
interfac 
add 
class 
interfac 
cach super class 
expando meta class 
meta class impl 
expando meta class 
regist instanc method 
index 
start 
start 
method 
cach class 
compon type 
primit 
compon type 
add 
add 
add 

add 
declar class 

cach method 

declar interfac 
cach class 
meta class impl 
expando method 
add 
add 
add 
add 
add 
declar class 
hierarchi 
cach class 

class 
size 
registri 
class 
class 
size 
class 
hierarchi 
interfac 
add 
class 
size 
interfac 
call site class loader 
class 
declar constructor 
class 
set access 
class 
declar method 
set access 
