
method 
method 
method 
method 

method 
method 
sourc unit 
add error 
method visitor 
operand stack 
push 
set safe 
set implicit 
set method target 
visit 
visit 
operand stack 
replac 
visit 
operand stack 
remov 
visit 
operand stack 
remov 
visit 
operand stack 
box 
operand stack 
remov 
operand stack 
push 
compil stack 
remov var 
compil stack 
remov var 
compil stack 
remov var 
set implicit 
set safe 
set method target 
visit 
equal 
public 
protect 
node meta data 
groovi bug error 
visit 
visit 
groovi cast 
method visitor 
replac 
prepar site receiv 
operand stack 
groovi cast 
visit box argument 
operand stack 
groovi cast 
operand stack 
replac 
prepar site receiv 
groovi cast 
visit box argument 
groovi cast 
operand stack 
replac 
prepar site receiv 
visit box argument 
operand stack 
replac 
prepar site receiv 
operand stack 
groovi cast 
visit box argument 
operand stack 
groovi cast 
operand stack 
replac 
call site 
class class node wrap concret type 
primit type 
array 
equal 
properti getter 
field 
enum 
privat field bridg method 
interfac 
empti 
static class 
privat 
privat bridg method call 
privat bridg method call 
equal 
express 
closur 
properti getter 
privat field bridg method 
field 
equal 
static 
static class 
direct access 
equal 
tri subscript 
tri subscript 
wrapper 
deriv 
wrapper 
deriv 
equal 
equal 
regular call site writer 
node meta data 
type chooser 
class node 
node meta data 
node meta data 
method visitor 
capit 
find dgm method argument 
deriv 
implement interfac 
method call express 
node meta data 
compil stack 
variabl express 
defin temporari variabl 
variabl express 
defin temporari variabl 
variabl express 
defin temporari variabl 
properti express 
field 
outer class 
class node 
type chooser 
class node 
resolv type 
method call express 
capit 
getter method 
properti 
super class 
field 
super class 
declar class 
redirect 
redirect 
type chooser 
class node 
resolv type 
resolv type 
operand stack 
stack length 
stack length 
method visitor 
operand stack 
stack length 
stack length 
method visitor 
operand stack 
stack length 
stack length 
method visitor 
operand stack 
stack length 
stack length 
method visitor 
generat call site array 
dynam properti 
resolv type 
generic type 
type 
wrapper 
visit 
operand stack 
groovi cast 
operand stack 
replac 
implement interfac 
equal 
equal 
equal 
operand stack 
push 
operand stack 
remov 
visit 
visit 
operand stack 
remov 
put node meta data 
set sourc posit 
privat field bridg method 
capit 
getter method 
capit 
method node 
set declar class 
set sourc posit 
set method target 
set implicit 
set safe 
visit 
properti getter 
properti getter 
replac 
field 
field 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
field 
properti getter 
privat field bridg method 
properti getter 
field 
size 
implement interfac 
equal 
implement interfac 
equal 
syntax 
acg 
acg 
acg 
acg 
class intern 
acg 

closur 
invoc writer 
acg 
equal 
static 
properti getter 
interfac 
static 
interfac 
line number 
column number 
text 
text 
equal 
equal 
equal 
equal 
acg 
acg 
compon type 
compil stack 
lhs 
compil stack 
lhs 
wrapper 
wrapper 
compil stack 
lhs 
compil stack 
lhs 
capit 
access variabl 
resolv type 
set method target 
set implicit 
set safe 
visit 
packag 
interfac 
getter method 
choos method 
modifi 
redirect 
node meta data 
packag 
method call express 
class node 
compil stack 
method visitor 
origin type 
operand stack 
outer class 
write string call 
wrapper 
paramet 
paramet 
paramet 
paramet 
paramet 
paramet 
node meta data 
getter method 
set method target 
set implicit 
set sourc posit 
set safe 
visit 
sourc unit 
class loader 
set method target 
set implicit 
set safe 
set sourc posit 
visit 
type 
type 
write map dot properti 
write list dot properti 
class express 

argument list express 

put node meta data 
set implicit 
set method target 
cast express 
properti express 
set implicit 
argument list express 
set modifi 
push 
visit 
equal 
write number number call 
equal 
equal 
array 
wrapper 
deriv 
acg 
method call express 
class intern 
type descript 
acg 
acg 
node meta data 
origin type 
acg 
top operand 
deriv 
wrapper 
wrapper 
wrapper 
wrapper 
wrapper 
type 
packag 
type 
type 
method call express 

method call express 
string 
line number 
column number 
line number 
column number 
method call express 

invoc writer 
current call 
origin type 
outer class 
write power call 
write mod call 
write array 
choos method 
acg 
packag 
packag 
set method target 
set safe 
set implicit 
visit 
node meta data 
set type 
visit 
packag 
packag 
push implicit 
pop implicit 
empti 
size 
size 
implement interfac subclass 
acg 
acg 
constant express 
outermost class 
outermost class 
class express 
constant express 
class intern 
type descript 
acg 
class intern 
type descript 
primit type 
method 
super class 
equal 
implement interfac 
equal 
implement interfac 
find dgm method argument 
type 
method call express 
split 
properti express 
put node meta data 
properti express 
owner 
primit type 
set sourc posit 
set implicit 
set method target 
visit 
plain node refer 
find dgm method argument 
set sourc posit 
set implicit 
set method target 
visit 
set method target 
set sourc posit 
set implicit 
visit 
type 
packag 
packag 
variabl express 
replac 
box 
top operand 
acg 
acg 
class intern 
method 
deriv 
method call express 

method call express 
method call express 
owner 
owner 
sourc unit 
class loader 

argument list express 
constant express 
method 
acg 
sourc unit 
class loader 
acg 
acg 
paramet 
owner 
paramet 
paramet 
static 
constant express 
wrapper 
unwrapp 
