logger 
add 
string 
notifi rule link segment 
link segment rule notifi 
link segment rule notifi 
notifi rule link segment 
link segment 
add 
associ 
remov 



prototyp 
add 
reset 
node memori 
size 
segment link 
segment link 
segment link 
segment link 
data driven 
data driven 
node pos mask bit 
set node pos mask bit 
node pos mask bit 
set node pos mask bit 
beta memori 
node pos mask bit 
set node pos mask bit 
node pos mask bit 
node 
set queri segment memori 
set node pos mask bit 
node pos mask bit 
set node pos mask bit 
beta memori prototyp 
popul memori 
beta memori prototyp 
popul memori 
append 

unlink segment 

add 
left tupl sourc 
size 
add 
path memori 
rule 
remov 

segment memori 
ria rule memori 
queri segment memori 
associ 
add 
set segment memori 
node memori 
add 
empti 
node segment 
node segment 
beta memori prototyp 
lia memori prototyp 
queri memori prototyp 
timer memori prototyp 
accumul memori prototyp 
reactiv memori prototyp 
ria rule memori 
input adapt node 
set ria rule memori 
beta memori 
beta memori 
beta memori 
beta memori 
append 

link node rule notifi 
data driven 
rule link 
notifi rule link segment 
data driven 
rule link 
data driven 
rule link 
unlink segment 
add path memori 
node memori 

rule 
rule 
size 
size 
rule 
size 
size 
rule 
associ rule 
node memori 
segment memori 
root node 




rule link 
associ 

popul memori 
ria path memori 

link rule 
