actual memori:amod
join node memori:nmod
global valu:amod
rule fire:dep
agenda fire:obj
thread safe:obl
increment safe:advcl
read safe:advcl
read increment:conj
entri point increment:obl
public api:amod
api expos:obl
activ fire:obj
halt call:nsubj
call fire:advcl
fire activ:nmod
activ wait:obl
ad wait:xcomp
activ group:amod
agenda group:compound
group ad:obl
rule group:compound
flow group:compound
group ad:obl
method call:nsubj
run call:advcl
sequenti mode:amod
mode run:obl
activ fire:obj
halt call:nsubj
call fire:advcl
fire activ:nmod
activ wait:obl
ad wait:xcomp
activ group:amod
agenda group:compound
group ad:obl
rule group:compound
flow group:compound
group ad:obl
filter agenda filter:acl
activ filter:obj
fire activ:acl
method call:nsubj
call fire:advcl
run call:advcl
sequenti mode:amod
mode run:obl
fact object:compound
object return:dep
fact handl object:nmod
return attempt:xcomp
valu return:obj
handl return:obl
retriev map:csubj
object retriev:obl
map attempt:advcl
fact handl refer:compound
refer handl:obj
object lookup:compound
lookup handl:obl
safe thread:xcomp
work memori:amod
iter memori:nmod
unexpect result:amod
result give:obj
safe thread:xcomp
work memori:amod
iter memori:nmod
unexpect result:amod
result give:obj
safe thread:xcomp
work memori:amod
iter memori:nmod
unexpect result:amod
result give:obj
safe thread:xcomp
work memori:amod
iter memori:nmod
unexpect result:amod
result give:obj
modifi implement:csubj
retract implement:advcl
assert retract:ccomp
truth issu:compound
mainten issu:compound
issu assert:obl
join memori retriev:obj
join node retriev:obl
join node key:compound
key node:dep
node memori:nmod
ync handler set:obj
handl ync handler:acl
agenda schedul:compound
schedul thrown:obl
durat rule:compound
method call:nsubj
start call:advcl
work start:obj
engin work:nmod
insert start:advcl
fact insert:obj
fire call:advcl
fire start:conj
rule fire:obj
engin counter:compound
idl counter:amod
time counter:compound
counter reset:obj
method light:nsubj
avoid light:xcomp
content avoid:obj
call avoid:advcl
multipl thread:amod
thread call:obl
entri point:compound
point thread:appos
method call:nsubj
finish call:advcl
work finish:obj
engin work:nmod
insert finish:advcl
fact insert:obj
fire call:advcl
fire finish:conj
rule fire:obj
engin counter:compound
idl counter:amod
time counter:compound
counter reset:obj
method light:nsubj
avoid light:xcomp
content avoid:obj
call avoid:advcl
multipl thread:amod
thread call:obl
entri point:compound
point thread:appos
number return:dep
time unit:compound
unit number:nmod
engin idl:nsubj
idl return:dep
session clock:compound
clock idl:obl
method synchronis:nsubj
method return:nsubj
return synchronis:conj
approxim valu:amod
valu return:obj
number return:dep
time unit:compound
unit number:nmod
schedul job:amod
job number:nmod
time unit:compound
unit number:nmod
schedul job:amod
schedul job:acl
