closur object:compound
object repres:dep
groovi object:nmod
closur instanc:nmod
short form:amod
form call:obl
resolv strategi set:nsubj
set strategi:advcl
closur attempt:nsubj
attempt set:ccomp
resolv attempt:xcomp
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
method resolv:obj
method refer:conj
owner resolv:obl
deleg strategi:nsubj
default strategi:compound
field code:parataxis
declar field:acl
test class:compound
class declar:obl
variabl declar:obj
deleg variabl:nmod
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
resolv strategi set:nsubj
closur attempt:nsubj
attempt set:ccomp
resolv attempt:xcomp
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
method resolv:obj
method refer:conj
deleg resolv:obl
variabl code:parataxis
declar variabl:acl
deleg shadow:compound
shadow declar:obl
field shadow:dep
owner class:compound
class declar:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
resolv strategi set:nsubj
set resolv:csubj
set call:csubj
closur set:obj
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
method resolv:obj
method refer:conj
owner resolv:obl
call resolv:conj
deleg call:obj
throw code:parataxis
properti throw:obj
error throw:obj
variabl declar:nsubj
deleg declar:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
resolv strategi set:nsubj
set resolv:csubj
set bypass:csubj
closur set:obj
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
method resolv:obj
method refer:conj
deleg resolv:obl
bypass resolv:conj
owner bypass:obj
throw code:parataxis
error throw:obj
owner declar:nsubj
declar bypass:advcl
field declar:obj
resolut strategi:compound
strategi bypass:nsubj
bypass throw:advcl
lookup bypass:obj
owner bypass:obl
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
resolv strategi set:nsubj
closur resolv:nsubj
resolv set:ccomp
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
usual meta class:amod
properti resolv:nsubj
properti resolv:nsubj
method properti:conj
method resolv:nsubj
owner resolv:obl
deleg resolv:obl
deleg owner:conj
closur object:compound
object resolv:obl
overrid develop:acl
properti overrid:obj
closur expando meta class:nmod
local variabl:amod
resolut strategi:compound
object null:nsubj
closur object:nmod
normal usag:amod
groovi usag:amod
usag case:nmod
strategi set:obj
properti refer:compound
refer resolv:obj
method resolv:obj
method refer:conj
closur user:compound
user resolv:nsubj
method resolv:obj
properti resolv:obj
properti method:conj
resolv strategi:compound
strategi resolv:dep
closur invok:obj
paramet invok:obl
return invok:advcl
valu return:obj
applic return:advcl
applic valu:dep
null valu:dep
null applic:conj
return statement:compound
closur statement:nmod
closur invok:obj
return invok:advcl
valu return:obj
applic return:advcl
applic valu:dep
null valu:dep
null applic:conj
return statement:compound
closur statement:nmod
owner object:compound
method call:compound
outer class:amod
class object:dep
closur construct:nsubj
construct class:acl
deleg object:compound
method call:compound
outer class:amod
class object:dep
closur construct:nsubj
construct class:acl
chang deleg:acl
perform chang:advcl
markup build:compound
build perform:obj
type paramet:dep
longest methodof:amod
call methodof:compound
methodof type:nmod
closur paramet:dep
maximum number:amod
paramet number:nmod
call methodof:compound
methodof number:dep
closur version:nmod
implement closur:acl
writabl implement:xcomp
return note:dep
writabl overrid:nsubj
overrid return:ccomp
result render:obj
string render:obl
closur support:nmod
curri support:acl
closur bound:nsubj
argument closur:nmod
closur support:nmod
paramet suppli:nsubj
paramet left:nsubj
left suppli:conj
normal method:amod
curri method:compound
method left:obl
typic usag:amod
closur bound:nsubj
argument closur:nmod
bound usag:parataxis
closur support:nmod
closur bound:nsubj
argument closur:nmod
closur support:nmod
curri support:dep
index curri:obl
closur bound:nsubj
argument closur:nmod
closur composit:compound
composit support:nmod
typic usag:amod
compos closur:amod
closur usag:dep
closur composit:compound
revers composit:amod
composit support:nmod
typic usag:amod
compos closur:amod
closur usag:dep
cach variant:compound
variant creat:obj
closur variant:nmod
closur call:nsubj
call preserv:advcl
map preserv:nsubj
paramet map:nmod
return valu:compound
valu map:nmod
valu paramet:conj
cach preserv:obl
subsequ call:amod
cach valu:amod
garbag collect:dep
return function:amod
multipl thread:amod
implement valu:compound
high perform:amod
averag perform:amod
scenario perform:compound
perform valu:dep
concurr call:amod
call valu:conj
memoiz function:amod
function call:nmod
ident valu:amod
argument valu:compound
valu function:nmod
cach valu:amod
return valu:compound
valu benefit:obl
memoiz function:amod
safe function:amod
recommend function:amod
recommend safe:conj
collect garbag:acl
memoiz closur:amod
closur garbag:nmod
result cach:obj
trampolin variant:amod
variant build:obj
current closur:amod
closur variant:nmod
prevent leverag:advcl
stack overflow:compound
overflow prevent:obj
deep recurs:amod
recurs prevent:obl
function leverag:nsubj
function avoid:nsubj
trampolin mechan:compound
mechan leverag:obj
avoid leverag:conj
recurs call:amod
call avoid:obj
trampolin suppos:obl
function suppos:nsubj
perform suppos:xcomp
step perform:obj
calcul step:nmod
recurs call:amod
call suppos:obl
function call:nmod
return suppos:ccomp
closur return:obj
execut closur:acl
trampolin execut:obl
step trampolin:nmod
valu return:nsubj
return stop:advcl
trampolin stop:nsubj
trampolin return:nsubj
return stop:conj
valu stop:obj
final result:amod
result valu:nmod
execut closur:acl
origin closur:amod
closur execut:obj
trampolin execut:obl
trampolin variant:amod
variant build:obj
current closur:amod
closur variant:nmod
prevent leverag:advcl
stack overflow:compound
overflow prevent:obj
deep recurs:amod
recurs prevent:obl
function leverag:nsubj
function avoid:nsubj
trampolin mechan:compound
mechan leverag:obj
avoid leverag:conj
recurs call:amod
call avoid:obj
trampolin suppos:obl
function suppos:nsubj
perform suppos:xcomp
step perform:obj
calcul step:nmod
recurs call:amod
call suppos:obl
function call:nmod
return suppos:ccomp
closur return:obj
execut closur:acl
trampolin execut:obl
step trampolin:nmod
valu return:nsubj
return stop:advcl
trampolin stop:nsubj
trampolin return:nsubj
return stop:conj
valu stop:obj
final result:amod
result valu:nmod
execut closur:acl
origin closur:amod
closur execut:obj
trampolin execut:obl
direct return:dep
copi return:dep
closur copi:nmod
owner object:conj
deleg object:conj
object field:compound
field null:nsubj
null return:acl
proper serial:amod
serializ closur:amod
copi return:dep
closur copi:nmod
deleg replac:nsubj
owner deleg:conj
owner replac:nsubj
object deleg:conj
object replac:nsubj
replac copi:acl
suppli paramet:amod
paramet replac:obl
closur rehydr:obj
closur copi:nmod
owner replac:nsubj
deleg owner:conj
deleg replac:nsubj
object owner:conj
object replac:nsubj
replac closur:acl
