ident check:compound
groovi ident:amod
object check:obl
ident overridden:obl
refer fals:dep
sameinst fals:obl
fals true:ccomp
call closur:acl
call result:acl
closur call:obj
call closur:acl
method invok:nsubj
invok method:acl
closur invok:obl
refer invok:obl
instanc invok:obl
method invok:nsubj
call method:acl
append method:dep
method call:obl
string builder instanc:compound
instanc invok:obl
result invok:obj
call result:acl
closur call:obj
subscript oper:compound
dynam properti:amod
properti valu:compound
valu lookup:obj
properti express bean:dep
normal notat:amod
properti notat:compound
notat work:nsubj
groovi notat:acl
neater work:amod
concis work:amod
compil time:dep
properti valu:compound
subscript oper:compound
properti valu:compound
valu set:obj
bean properti express:compound
properti express foo:nsubj
normal notat:amod
properti notat:compound
notat work:nsubj
groovi notat:acl
neater work:amod
concis work:amod
time compil:obj
detail string:amod
dump string:compound
string generat:obj
object string:nmod
show object:acl
class show:obj
hash code show:obj
hash code class:conj
field show:obj
field class:conj
dump represent:compound
list retriev:obj
object list:nmod
wrap retriev:conj
itin wrap:obj
list retriev:obj
object list:nmod
provideth valu:amod
valu list:dep
properti valu:nmod
object list:nmod
conveni method:amod
call method:acl
simpl pair:amod
key valu:compound
valu simpl:dep
pair form:nmod
nsbp form:conj
type inform:compound
inform form:conj
meta properti:compound
map pair:compound
key valu:compound
valu map:nmod
pair properti:nmod
scope method:amod
method return:nsubj
valu method:dep
closur return:obl
object extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
method ad:nsubj
class method:nmod
super class:amod
class method:nmod
object ad:obl
class extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
method ad:nsubj
class method:nmod
super class:amod
class method:nmod
class ad:obl
class extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
class extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
class extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
class extend:obj
categori method:compound
method extend:obl
scope method:amod
list method:nmod
categori list:nmod
valu return:nsubj
closur return:obl
add shutdown hook usag:nmod
categori list:nmod
categori class:compound
class wrap:obj
list class:nmod
valu return:nsubj
closur return:obl
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
writer print:advcl
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream writer:obl
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
print writer:compound
writer print:obl
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
print stream:compound
stream print:obl
valu print:obj
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream print:obl
method deleg:compound
owner deleg:nmod
execut owner:acl
method execut:obj
linebreak print:obj
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream print:obl
linebreak print:obj
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream print:obl
method deleg:compound
owner deleg:nmod
execut owner:acl
method execut:obj
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
writer print:advcl
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream writer:obl
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
print writer:compound
writer style:nmod
valu format:dep
format style:amod
groovi style:amod
style print:obj
print stream:compound
stream style:nmod
valu print:obj
standard stream:amod
output stream:compound
stream print:obl
method deleg:compound
owner deleg:nmod
execut owner:acl
method execut:obj
consol printf:obl
string sprintf:obl
result string:amod
format string:amod
format string:amod
string return:dep
format string:compound
argument string:conj
result printf:amod
inspect return:csubj
string return:obj
match string:acl
type match:ccomp
termin object:amod
creat termin:xcomp
object type:obl
string type:nsubj
match string:acl
termin tocreat:amod
tocreat type:obl
object tocreat:dep
consol print:obl
interact format:amod
format consol:nmod
consol print:obl
interact format:amod
format consol:nmod
dynam method:amod
invoc method:compound
method provid:obj
overload method:acl
class overload:obl
implement overload:xcomp
dynam proxi:amod
proxi implement:obj
method call:compound
call result:nmod
overload method:acl
behavior overload:obj
case method:compound
method behavior:nmod
switch statement:compound
statement method:nmod
default implement:compound
implement handl:nsubj
array handl:iobj
type handl:obj
overridden handl:conj
type overridden:obl
code call:nsubj
return call:advcl
true return:xcomp
switch valu deem:nsubj
deem true:ccomp
equal deem:xcomp
case valu equal:obl
special implement:nmod
case implement:compound
class implement:nmod
class test:nmod
switch statement:compound
statement class:nmod
switch valu deem:nsubj
deem true:ccomp
assign deem:xcomp
class assign:obl
case implement:compound
collect implement:nmod
switch operand:compound
case valu:compound
case valu deem:nsubj
deem true:ccomp
case implement:compound
map implement:nmod
test map:acl
groovi valu:amod
truth valu:compound
valu test:obj
obtain valu:acl
switch operand:compound
groovi valu:amod
truth valu:compound
case valu valu:nmod
switch valu key:compound
special implement:nmod
case implement:compound
number implement:nmod
deleg implement:dep
compar method:compound
method deleg:nmod
compar implement:dep
number compar:obj
type number:nmod
number deem:nsubj
deem true:ccomp
equal deem:xcomp
iter equival:compound
equival return:dep
iter return:obl
duplic item:amod
item return:obl
remov item:acl
default compar:compound
origin iter:amod
element exhaust:obl
uniqu valu:amod
valu determin:obj
iter return:nsubj
uniqu valu:amod
valu iter:nmod
collect modifi:obj
remov collect:acl
duplic item:amod
item remov:obj
default compar:compound
modifi collect:amod
list modifi:obj
remov list:acl
duplic item:amod
item remov:obj
default compar:compound
modifi list:amod
duplic remov:obj
default compar:compound
mutat true:nsubj
true work:advcl
modifi work:advcl
origin object:amod
object modifi:obj
return work:advcl
return modifi:conj
mutat fals:nsubj
fals return:advcl
collect return:nsubj
leav return:xcomp
origin leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
modifi collect:amod
duplic remov:obj
list remov:obl
default compar:compound
mutat true:nsubj
true work:advcl
modifi work:advcl
origin object:amod
object modifi:obj
return work:advcl
return modifi:conj
mutat fals:nsubj
fals return:advcl
collect return:nsubj
leav return:xcomp
origin leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
modifi list:amod
compar method:acl
groovi compar:nmod
default number:compound
number awar:obl
awar compar:amod
groovi contract:nmod
compar contract:compound
iter equival:compound
equival return:dep
iter equival:nmod
duplic item:amod
item equival:dep
remov item:acl
duplic determin:obj
equal item:amod
item equival:dep
origin iter:amod
iter process:nsubj
call process:obl
singl paramet:amod
argument pass:nsubj
element pass:ccomp
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
valu return:obj
item pass:nsubj
iter item:nmod
argument pass:obl
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
int valu:compound
valu return:obj
item indic:obj
uniqu return:advcl
conveni method:compound
duplic item:compound
equal item:amod
item determin:obj
singl paramet:amod
argument pass:nsubj
element pass:ccomp
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
valu return:obj
item pass:nsubj
collect item:nmod
argument pass:obl
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
int valu:compound
valu return:obj
item indic:obj
uniqu return:advcl
conveni method:compound
duplic item:compound
equal item:amod
item determin:obj
singl paramet:amod
argument pass:nsubj
element pass:ccomp
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
valu return:obj
item pass:nsubj
list item:nmod
argument pass:obl
closur return:nsubj
return pass:conj
int valu:compound
valu return:obj
item indic:obj
uniqu return:advcl
iter equival:compound
equival return:dep
iter return:obl
duplic item:amod
item return:obl
remov item:acl
suppli compar:amod
iter equival:compound
equival return:dep
iter return:obl
duplic item:amod
item return:obl
remov item:acl
suppli compar:amod
duplic item:amod
item iter:nmod
iter equival:compound
equival return:dep
iter return:obl
duplic item:amod
item return:obl
remov item:acl
natur order:amod
item order:nmod
duplic item:amod
item iter:nmod
collect return:dep
remov duplic:acl
natur order:amod
item order:nmod
uniqu determin:obj
item collect:nmod
list return:dep
remov duplic:acl
natur order:amod
item order:nmod
uniqu determin:obj
item list:nmod
array return:dep
origin array:amod
remov duplic:acl
suppli compar:amod
compar remov:obl
determin compar:acl
item uniqu:nsubj
uniqu determin:ccomp
uniqu item:amod
array item:nmod
array return:dep
origin array:amod
remov duplic:acl
natur order:amod
item order:nmod
array item:nmod
uniqu item:amod
array item:nmod
array return:dep
origin array:amod
remov duplic:acl
suppli compar:amod
compar remov:obl
determin compar:acl
item uniqu:nsubj
uniqu determin:ccomp
uniqu item:amod
array item:nmod
aggreg structur:amod
type structur:compound
data type:conj
data structur:compound
structur iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
custom type:compound
type util:nsubj
method util:obj
provid util:advcl
iter method:compound
method provid:obj
item return:nsubj
result iter:amod
iter return:obl
pass iter:acl
closur pass:obl
aggreg structur:amod
type structur:compound
data type:conj
data structur:compound
structur iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
iter type:amod
type iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
iter type:compound
type iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
collect iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
list iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
sort set iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
index item:conj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
closur pass:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
collect iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
list iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
sort set iter:obl
pass iter:xcomp
item pass:obj
closur pass:obl
iter map:acl
key pass:obj
valu pass:obj
valu key:conj
general guarante:advcl
order guarante:nsubj
map content:compound
content process:nsubj
process order:acl
special form:amod
map form:nmod
tree map map:appos
process content:acl
natur order:amod
order process:obl
map order:nmod
paramet return:obj
iter map:acl
revers order:amod
order iter:obl
general guarante:advcl
order guarante:nsubj
map content:compound
content process:nsubj
process order:acl
special form:amod
map form:nmod
tree map map:appos
process content:acl
revers process:obl
natur order:amod
order revers:nmod
map order:nmod
paramet return:obj
iter map:acl
item index:nmod
index pass:obj
counter index:dep
start counter:acl
key pass:obj
valu pass:obj
valu key:conj
index pass:obj
index key:conj
element iter:obl
list element:nmod
revers order:amod
order list:nmod
origin list:amod
element iter:obl
array element:nmod
revers order:amod
order array:nmod
origin array:amod
predic closur:compound
closur valid:nsubj
valid determin:advcl
true return:dep
item true:obl
data structur:compound
structur item:nmod
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
predic closur:compound
closur valid:nsubj
valid determin:advcl
true return:dep
item true:obl
iter item:nmod
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
predic closur:compound
closur valid:nsubj
valid determin:advcl
true return:dep
item true:obl
iter item:nmod
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
iter valid:nsubj
entri iter:nmod
map entri:nmod
check iter:nmod
check entri:conj
predic check:nmod
entri valid:obl
key pass:obj
valu pass:obj
valu key:conj
entri match:nsubj
map entri:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
element iter:nmod
collect element:nmod
check iter:conj
element true:nsubj
true check:dep
groovi truth:compound
truth true:obl
item match:nsubj
collect item:nmod
match true:ccomp
closurepred match:obj
iter valid:nsubj
content iter:nmod
object content:nmod
collect content:nmod
collect object:conj
check iter:nmod
check content:conj
predic check:nmod
element valid:obl
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
iter valid:nsubj
content iter:nmod
iter content:nmod
check iter:nmod
check content:conj
predic check:nmod
element valid:obl
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
iter valid:nsubj
content iter:nmod
iter content:nmod
check iter:nmod
check content:conj
predic check:nmod
element valid:obl
iter match:nsubj
object iter:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
iter valid:nsubj
entri iter:nmod
map entri:nmod
check iter:nmod
check entri:conj
predic check:nmod
entri valid:obl
key pass:obj
valu pass:obj
valu key:conj
entri match:nsubj
map entri:nmod
match true:ccomp
closur predic:compound
predic match:obj
iter true:nsubj
element iter:nmod
collect element:nmod
check iter:nmod
check element:conj
element check:nmod
groovi truth:compound
truth true:obl
equival predic:amod
item match:nsubj
collect item:nmod
match true:dep
closur match:obj
collect iter:nmod
item collect:nmod
object repres:nsubj
object return:nsubj
repres item:acl
return item:acl
return repres:conj
item repres:obj
match item:acl
filter match:obj
call match:xcomp
method call:obj
switch statement:compound
filter kind:nmod
regular rang:amod
express rang:compound
class rang:dep
rang filter:nmod
object collect:nmod
match collect:acl
filter match:obj
collect iter:nmod
item collect:nmod
return collect:nmod
return item:conj
match item:acl
filter match:obj
call match:xcomp
method call:obj
switch statement:compound
filter kind:nmod
regular rang:amod
express rang:compound
class rang:dep
rang filter:nmod
object collect:nmod
match collect:acl
filter match:obj
collect iter:nmod
item collect:nmod
return collect:nmod
return item:conj
match item:acl
filter match:obj
call match:xcomp
method call:obj
switch statement:compound
filter kind:nmod
regular rang:amod
express rang:compound
class rang:dep
rang filter:nmod
object list:nmod
match list:acl
filter match:obj
collect iter:nmod
item collect:nmod
return collect:nmod
return item:conj
match item:acl
filter match:obj
call match:xcomp
method call:obj
switch statement:compound
filter kind:nmod
regular rang:amod
express rang:compound
class rang:dep
rang filter:nmod
object set:obl
match object:acl
filter match:obj
iter return:nsubj
array iter:nmod
item array:nmod
collect return:obj
item collect:nmod
match item:acl
filter match:obj
call match:xcomp
method call:obj
switch statement:compound
filter kind:nmod
regular rang:amod
express rang:compound
class rang:dep
rang filter:nmod
object collect:nmod
match collect:acl
filter match:obj
collect iter:nmod
item collect:nmod
object repres:nsubj
object return:nsubj
repres item:acl
return item:acl
return repres:conj
item repres:obj
match item:acl
ident closur:compound
filter closur:nmod
return closur:acl
element return:obj
satisfi element:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
object collect:nmod
match collect:acl
filter match:obj
collect iter:nmod
return iter:acl
element return:obj
match element:acl
ident closur:compound
filter closur:nmod
return closur:acl
element return:obj
satisfi element:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
collect satisfi:nsubj
element collect:nmod
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
collect iter:nmod
return iter:acl
element return:obj
match element:acl
ident closur:compound
filter closur:nmod
return closur:acl
element return:obj
satisfi element:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
list satisfi:nsubj
element list:nmod
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
collect iter:nmod
return iter:acl
element return:obj
match element:acl
ident closur:compound
filter closur:nmod
return closur:acl
element return:obj
satisfi element:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
set satisfi:csubj
element set:obl
satisfi truth:dep
groovi truth:amod
array iter:nmod
return iter:acl
element return:obj
match element:acl
ident closur:compound
filter closur:nmod
return closur:acl
element return:obj
satisfi element:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
element collect:nmod
satisfi collect:acl
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
item valu:nmod
iter item:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
element exhaust:obl
count valu:compound
valu determin:obj
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
satisfi occurr:acl
closur satisfi:obj
item satisfi:obl
iter item:nmod
element exhaust:obl
count valu:compound
valu determin:obj
number usag:dep
occurr number:nmod
iter closur:compound
closur count:dep
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
iter valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
number usag:dep
occurr number:nmod
iter closur:compound
closur count:dep
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
satisfi occurr:acl
closur satisfi:obj
iter satisfi:obl
number usag:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
satisfi occurr:acl
closur satisfi:obj
map satisfi:obl
closur pass:nsubj
key pass:obj
valu pass:obj
valu key:conj
number usag:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
satisfi occurr:acl
closur satisfi:obj
array satisfi:obl
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
number count:obj
occurr number:nmod
valu occurr:nmod
array valu:nmod
oper equal:nsubj
valu oper:dep
occurr number:nmod
iter version:compound
list version:nmod
iter convert:obj
list convert:obl
element exhaust:obl
iter convert:obj
list convert:obl
element exhaust:obl
list usag:dep
enumer convert:obj
list convert:obl
iter collat:obj
length size:compound
collat data:acl
iter variant:compound
iter collat:obj
length size:compound
step size:acl
code element:compound
step element:compound
element step:obl
list element:nmod
collat data:acl
iter variant:compound
iter collat:obj
length size:compound
remain element:amod
element drop:nsubj
iter element:nmod
subdivis iter:nmod
remaind fals:nsubj
fals drop:advcl
collat data:acl
iter variant:compound
iter collat:obj
length size:compound
step size:acl
code element:compound
step element:compound
element step:obl
remain element:amod
element drop:nsubj
iter element:nmod
subdivis iter:nmod
remaind fals:nsubj
fals drop:advcl
collat data:acl
iter variant:compound
aggreg object:amod
object iter:obl
transform object:acl
item transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
return iter:xcomp
list return:obj
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
aggreg object:amod
object iter:obl
transform object:acl
item transform:obj
valu transform:obl
return iter:xcomp
list return:obj
item list:nmod
copi item:acl
origin object:amod
object copi:obl
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
aggreg object:amod
object iter:obl
transform object:acl
item transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
ad valu:dep
suppli collector:amod
collector ad:obl
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
collect iter:obl
transform collect:acl
entri transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
list return:obj
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
collect iter:obl
transform collect:acl
entri transform:obj
valu transform:obl
return iter:xcomp
list return:obj
item list:nmod
copi item:acl
origin collect:amod
collect copi:obl
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
collect iter:obl
transform collect:acl
valu transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
ad valu:dep
suppli collector:amod
collector ad:obl
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
alia deprec:obj
collect nest alia:nmod
collect iter:nmod
transform collect:acl
valu transform:obj
valu transform:obl
nest list:amod
list return:dep
transform valu:amod
valu return:nmod
result collect:amod
iter transform:nsubj
transform iter:dep
valu transform:obj
valu transform:obl
nest list:amod
list return:dep
transform valu:amod
valu return:nmod
result list:amod
alia deprec:obj
collect nest alia:nmod
iter version:compound
collect nest version:acl
iter transform:nsubj
transform iter:dep
valu transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
nest collect:amod
collect return:dep
transform valu:amod
valu return:nmod
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
iter version:compound
collect version:nmod
iter version:compound
collect version:nmod
item project:dep
sourc item:nmod
iter sourc:dep
collect iter:nmod
concaten iter:nmod
concaten collect:conj
flatten concaten:dep
result collect:amod
collect sourc:dep
singl list:amod
list collect:nmod
list creat:nsubj
project collect:amod
collect creat:obl
concaten collect:acl
flatten creat:parataxis
item project:dep
sourc collect:compound
collect item:nmod
result collect:compound
concaten item:nmod
concaten collect:conj
flatten concaten:dep
result collect:amod
collect concaten:dep
ad collect:acl
collector ad:obl
project collect:amod
collect collector:nmod
concaten collect:acl
flatten concaten:parataxis
item project:dep
sourc map:compound
map item:nmod
result collect:compound
collect map:nmod
concaten item:nmod
concaten map:conj
flatten concaten:dep
result collect:amod
collect concaten:dep
ad collect:acl
collector ad:obl
project collect:amod
collect collector:nmod
concaten collect:acl
flatten collect:acl
item project:dep
sourc map:compound
map item:nmod
result collect:compound
collect map:nmod
concaten item:nmod
concaten map:conj
flatten concaten:dep
result collect:amod
collect concaten:dep
ad collect:acl
collect ad:obl
project collect:amod
collect collector:nmod
concaten collect:acl
flatten collect:acl
project collect:dep
item project:dep
sourc array:compound
array item:nmod
collect array:nmod
concaten array:nmod
concaten collect:conj
flatten item:dep
result collect:amod
singl list:amod
list collect:nmod
list creat:nsubj
project collect:amod
collect creat:obl
concaten collect:acl
flatten creat:parataxis
project collect:dep
item project:dep
sourc iter:compound
iter item:nmod
collect iter:nmod
concaten iter:nmod
concaten collect:conj
flatten item:dep
result collect:amod
singl list:amod
list collect:nmod
list creat:nsubj
project collect:amod
collect creat:obl
concaten collect:acl
flatten creat:parataxis
iter ad:csubj
map iter:obl
transform map:acl
map entri:compound
entri transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
collector return:obj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
map iter:obl
transform map:acl
map entri:compound
entri transform:obj
valu transform:obl
transform closur:compound
list return:obj
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
result list:amod
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
iter version:compound
collect entri version:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter collect entri:nmod
transform entri:amod
entri map:nmod
iter version:compound
collect entri version:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter collect entri:nmod
ident closur:compound
transform entri:amod
entri map:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter object:amod
object collect entri:nmod
ident closur:compound
sourc iter:compound
key list:nmod
valu key:appos
tupl key:dep
object key:dep
object tupl:conj
transform entri:amod
entri map:nmod
iter version:compound
collect entri version:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter collect entri:nmod
suppli map:amod
destin variant:nmod
transform entri:amod
entri variant:nmod
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
iter version:compound
collect entri version:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter collect entri:nmod
ident closur:compound
suppli map:amod
map collect entri:nmod
map iter:conj
destin variant:nmod
transform entri:amod
entri variant:nmod
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
iter collect entri:nmod
ident closur:compound
suppli map:amod
map collect entri:nmod
map iter:conj
destin variant:nmod
transform entri:amod
entri variant:nmod
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
ident closur:compound
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
collect entri variant:nmod
ident closur:compound
collector ad:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu collector:nmod
valu find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
object find:nsubj
null object:amod
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
null object:dep
treat repres:dep
object treat:obj
iter treat:advcl
iter treat:advcl
valu iter:obl
return repres:conj
result return:ccomp
obtain result:dep
call obtain:advcl
closur call:obj
return repres:dep
default result return:obj
closur result:nmod
default valu:compound
valu closur:acl
object treat:obj
iter result:advcl
iter result:csubj
valu iter:obl
repres valu:acl
return valu:acl
return repres:conj
result treat:ccomp
obtain result:dep
call obtain:advcl
closur null:nsubj
return closur:appos
null call:xcomp
closur result:nmod
valu find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
collect iter:compound
iter order:nmod
element match:nsubj
match null:dep
element find:obj
array element:nmod
match array:acl
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
array element:nmod
match element:acl
condit match:dep
null condit:conj
null match:dep
element match:nsubj
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
null object:dep
collect iter:obl
call iter:ccomp
closur call:obj
item call:obl
stop iter:ccomp
stop call:conj
return call:conj
return stop:conj
result return:obj
null return:advcl
default result return:nsubj
result exampl:dep
call result:acl
closur call:obj
default valu call:obj
default valu closur:conj
collect iter:obl
call iter:ccomp
closur call:obj
item call:obl
stop iter:ccomp
stop call:conj
return call:conj
return stop:conj
result return:obj
result null:nsubj
null return:advcl
null return:nsubj
call result:acl
closur call:obj
null result:acl
null call:conj
iter version:compound
find result version:nmod
iter item:compound
transform item:amod
item collect:nsubj
suppli closur:amod
collect iter:advcl
result collect:obj
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
map iter:obl
transform map:acl
item transform:obj
suppli closur:amod
collect transform:dep
result collect:obj
entri key:compound
key pass:nsubj
valu key:conj
valu pass:nsubj
object pass:nsubj
transform valu:amod
valu list:nmod
entri find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
entri key:compound
key pass:nsubj
valu key:conj
valu pass:nsubj
object pass:nsubj
closur result:compound
result return:dep
map entri:compound
entri pass:obj
closur pass:obl
entri key:compound
key pass:nsubj
valu key:conj
valu pass:nsubj
object pass:nsubj
collect result:xcomp
call collect:advcl
closur call:obj
null result:xcomp
null collect:conj
valu find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
match valu:amod
valu set:obl
valu find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
match valu:amod
valu list:nmod
valu find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
match valu:amod
valu collect:nmod
element find:obj
array element:nmod
match array:acl
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
match valu:amod
valu list:nmod
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
valu set:obl
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
valu list:nmod
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
valu collect:nmod
element find:obj
array element:nmod
match array:acl
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
element collect:nmod
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
valu list:nmod
item find:obj
match find:xcomp
ident closur:compound
closur match:iobj
groovi truth:amod
truth match:obj
valu list:nmod
true return:dep
true return:dep
array element:nmod
iter variant:compound
collect modifi:obj
remov modifi:advcl
element remov:obj
object array:compound
grep find:conj
list produc:obj
match item:acl
criteria match:obj
leav match:advcl
origin collect:amod
collect leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
collect modifi:obj
retain modifi:advcl
element retain:obj
word remov:obl
collect remov:obl
find grep:conj
list produc:obj
match item:acl
item match:obj
leav find:acl
origin collect:amod
collect leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
collect modifi:obj
retain modifi:advcl
element retain:obj
match element:acl
closur condit:compound
condit match:obl
word remov:obl
collect remov:obl
grep find:conj
list produc:obj
match item:acl
criteria match:obj
leav find:acl
origin collect:amod
collect leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
collect modifi:obj
remov modifi:advcl
element remov:obj
match element:acl
closur condit:compound
condit match:obl
grep find:conj
list produc:obj
match item:acl
criteria match:obj
leav match:advcl
origin collect:amod
collect leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
collect modifi:obj
ad modifi:advcl
array ad:obl
collect array:nmod
behavior undefin:nsubj
oper behavior:nmod
array modifi:nsubj
modifi undefin:advcl
oper progress:nsubj
progress modifi:advcl
collect produc:obj
addit item:amod
leav collect:dep
origin collect:amod
collect leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
list modifi:obj
insert modifi:advcl
array element:nmod
list insert:obl
posit list:nmod
element shift:obj
posit shift:obl
subsequ element:amod
element shift:obl
element posit:conj
increas element:dep
indic increas:nsubj
order list:nmod
array occur:obl
behavior undefin:nsubj
oper behavior:nmod
array modifi:nsubj
modifi undefin:advcl
oper progress:nsubj
progress modifi:advcl
similar function:amod
copi semant:compound
semant function:nmod
produc semant:acl
list produc:obj
ad produc:advcl
addit item:amod
item ad:obj
posit item:nmod
leav semant:acl
leav produc:conj
origin list:amod
list leav:obj
unchang leav:xcomp
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
result chang:obl
call result:nmod
item split:obj
list split:obl
base condit:case
closur condit:compound
condit list:nmod
closur express:compound
express match:obj
item valu:nsubj
accept valu:amod
valu list:acl
item valu:nsubj
reject valu:compound
valu list:acl
item split:obj
collect split:obl
base condit:case
closur condit:compound
condit collect:nmod
match item:acl
closur express:compound
express match:obj
list usag:dep
item valu:nsubj
accept valu:amod
valu list:acl
item valu:nsubj
reject valu:compound
valu list:acl
item split:obj
collect split:obl
base condit:case
closur condit:compound
condit collect:nmod
match item:acl
closur express:compound
express match:obj
list usag:dep
item valu:nsubj
accept valu:amod
valu list:acl
item valu:nsubj
reject valu:compound
valu list:acl
item split:obj
collect split:obl
base condit:case
closur condit:compound
condit collect:nmod
match item:acl
closur express:compound
express match:obj
list usag:dep
item valu:nsubj
accept valu:amod
valu list:acl
item valu:nsubj
reject valu:compound
valu list:acl
iter version:compound
combin version:nmod
iter method:nmod
list usag:dep
combin list:nmod
iter closur:compound
collect method:nmod
list usag:dep
result list:nmod
appli result:acl
closur appli:obj
combin appli:obl
function appli:obj
combin function:nmod
input list:compound
list combin:nmod
subsequ find:obj
list subsequ:nmod
subsequ usag:dep
list subsequ:nmod
permut find:obj
iter permut:nmod
permut usag:dep
list permut:nmod
iter version:compound
permut version:nmod
permut find:obj
iter permut:nmod
appli find:conj
function appli:obj
permut appli:obl
collect find:conj
result collect:obj
list collect:obl
list usag:dep
result list:nmod
applic result:nmod
function applic:nmod
permut function:nmod
iter version:compound
permut version:nmod
iter version:compound
permut version:nmod
iter run:nsubj
permut iter:nmod
collect permut:nmod
closur run:obj
iter closur:nmod
permut usag:dep
list permut:nmod
groovi collect list:nsubj
list add:xcomp
method list:nmod
list method:nmod
transpos function:compound
function return:nsubj
column collect:nmod
collect return:obj
row collect:nmod
row consist:nsubj
element consist:obl
column element:nmod
success row:amod
row construct:nsubj
list usag:dep
transpos list:amod
entri find:obj
match find:xcomp
closur condit:compound
condit match:obj
key paramet:acl
valu paramet:acl
valu key:conj
link hash map tree map:conj
hashtabl tree map:conj
properti tree map:conj
return map:amod
map preserv:nsubj
type preserv:obj
hash map return:nsubj
return preserv:parataxis
map usag:dep
iter version:compound
group version:nmod
iter member:compound
member sort:dep
group sort:obl
determin group:acl
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
closur return:nsubj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
return link hash map:amod
distinct key:amod
key entri:nmod
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu list:nsubj
list return:advcl
item list:nmod
group item:nmod
map usag:dep
group map:acl
key group:obl
array member:compound
member sort:dep
group member:nmod
determin group:acl
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
closur return:nsubj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
return link hash map:amod
distinct key:amod
key entri:nmod
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu list:nsubj
list return:advcl
item list:nmod
group item:nmod
map usag:dep
group map:acl
key group:obl
iter version:compound
group version:nmod
sort determin:nsubj
array member:compound
member sort:dep
group member:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
iter variant:compound
variant closur:nmod
method variant:nmod
map group:nsubj
key group:obl
criterion key:nmod
iter version:compound
group version:nmod
sort determin:nsubj
array member:compound
member sort:dep
group member:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
list variant:compound
variant closur:nmod
method variant:nmod
map group:nsubj
key group:obl
criterion key:nmod
iter version:compound
count version:nmod
sort determin:nsubj
sort count:nsubj
collect member:compound
member sort:dep
group member:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
count determin:conj
group size:compound
size count:obj
closur return:nsubj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
return map:amod
distinct key:amod
key entri:nmod
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu frequenc:nsubj
frequenc return:advcl
item frequenc:nmod
occur item:acl
group occur:obl
map usag:dep
group map:acl
key group:obl
frequenc count:compound
count key:nmod
sort determin:nsubj
sort count:nsubj
array member:compound
member sort:dep
group member:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
count determin:conj
group size:compound
size count:obj
closur return:nsubj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
return map:amod
distinct key:amod
key entri:nmod
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu frequenc:nsubj
frequenc return:advcl
item frequenc:nmod
occur item:acl
group occur:obl
map usag:dep
group map:acl
key group:obl
frequenc count:compound
count key:nmod
sort determin:nsubj
sort count:nsubj
iter item:compound
item sort:dep
group item:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
count determin:conj
group size:compound
size count:obj
closur return:nsubj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
return map:amod
distinct key:amod
key entri:nmod
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu frequenc:nsubj
frequenc return:advcl
item frequenc:nmod
occur item:acl
group occur:obl
map usag:dep
group map:acl
key group:obl
frequenc count:compound
count key:nmod
group map:nsubj
entri map:obj
group map:obl
determin group:acl
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
closur pass:nsubj
closur return:nsubj
key pass:obj
valu key:conj
depend number:case
number accept:advcl
paramet number:nmod
closur accept:nsubj
accept pass:parataxis
return pass:conj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
result map:amod
group entri:nmod
key group:dep
return group:acl
closur return:obl
valu list:nsubj
list return:advcl
map entri:compound
entri list:nmod
belong entri:acl
group belong:obl
map entri:compound
entri list:nmod
group code:compound
map group:nsubj
key group:obl
group map:nsubj
member group:dep
map member:nmod
determin map:dep
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
closur pass:nsubj
closur return:nsubj
key pass:obj
valu key:conj
depend number:case
number accept:advcl
paramet number:nmod
closur accept:nsubj
accept pass:parataxis
return pass:conj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
result map:amod
group entri:nmod
key group:dep
return group:acl
closur return:obl
valu member:nsubj
map member:compound
member return:advcl
origin map:amod
map member:nmod
belong map:acl
group belong:obl
map entri:compound
entri list:nmod
group entri code:compound
hashtabl tree map:conj
properti tree map:conj
return map:amod
map preserv:nsubj
type preserv:obj
link hash map return:nsubj
return preserv:parataxis
map group:nsubj
key group:obl
group determin:nsubj
group count:nsubj
member group:dep
map member:nmod
group map:nmod
suppli closur:amod
map closur:compound
closur determin:obl
count determin:conj
frequenc count:obj
creat group:amod
group frequenc:nmod
closur pass:nsubj
closur return:nsubj
key pass:obj
valu key:conj
depend number:case
number accept:advcl
paramet number:nmod
closur accept:nsubj
accept pass:parataxis
return pass:conj
key return:obj
item group:nsubj
group return:ccomp
result map:amod
group entri:nmod
key count:nsubj
return key:acl
closur return:obl
valu frequenc:nsubj
frequenc return:advcl
count group:acl
group count:obl
map group:nsubj
key group:obl
frequenc count:compound
count key:nmod
group element:nsubj
current element:amod
valu element:obl
function perform:obj
version perform:obl
inject version:acl
initi valu:amod
collect head:nmod
initi valu:amod
iter inject:ccomp
tail iter:obl
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
map iter:obl
pass iter:parataxis
initi valu:amod
valu pass:obl
arg closur:compound
closur pass:obl
item iter:obl
arg closur:compound
closur iter:obl
closur item:conj
key closur:nmod
valu closur:nmod
valu key:conj
result pass:nsubj
inject pass:ccomp
closur pass:obl
item pass:obl
result inject:nsubj
closur inject:obl
entir collect:amod
function parlanc:amod
parlanc reduc:obl
result exampl:dep
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
pass iter:xcomp
initi valu:amod
valu pass:obl
closur pass:obl
result pass:nsubj
inject pass:ccomp
closur pass:obl
item pass:obl
result inject:nsubj
closur inject:obl
item inject:dep
iter expir:nsubj
valu expir:obl
function parlanc:amod
parlanc fold left:nmod
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
object iter:obl
pass object:acl
valu pass:obl
closur pass:obl
result pass:nsubj
inject pass:ccomp
closur pass:obl
item pass:obl
result inject:nsubj
closur inject:obl
object iter:nmod
function parlanc:amod
parlanc fold left:nmod
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
object iter:obl
pass object:acl
initi valu:amod
valu pass:obl
closur pass:obl
result pass:nsubj
inject pass:ccomp
closur pass:obl
item pass:obl
result inject:nsubj
closur inject:obl
object iter:nmod
function parlanc:amod
parlanc fold left:nmod
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
array iter:obl
inject array:acl
object inject:obj
initi valu closur:dep
closur iter:dep
array element:nmod
initi valu array:nmod
remain element:amod
element iter:obj
array element:nmod
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
array iter:obl
pass array:acl
initi valu:amod
valu pass:obl
closur pass:obl
result pass:nsubj
inject pass:ccomp
closur pass:obl
item pass:obl
result inject:nsubj
closur inject:obl
array element:nmod
function parlanc:amod
parlanc fold left:nmod
closur call:compound
call result:nmod
iter version:compound
sum version:nmod
item sum:dep
iter item:nmod
invok equival:advcl
method invok:obj
item invok:obl
iter item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
invok equival:advcl
method invok:obj
item invok:obl
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
iter item:nmod
invok equival:advcl
method invok:obj
item invok:obl
iter item:nmod
element exhaust:obl
sum valu:compound
valu determin:obj
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
iter version:compound
sum version:nmod
item sum:dep
iter item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
iter item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
invok equival:advcl
method invok:obj
item invok:obl
iter item:nmod
element exhaust:obl
sum valu:compound
valu determin:obj
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
item sum:dep
array item:nmod
ad sum:acl
result ad:obj
initi valu:amod
valu ad:obl
iter version:compound
sum version:nmod
sum appli:nsubj
result sum:nmod
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
iter item:nmod
closur equival:nsubj
closur equival:dep
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
iter eachitem:nmod
sum appli:nsubj
result sum:nmod
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
array item:nmod
closur equival:dep
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
array eachitem:nmod
sum return:nsubj
result sum:dep
appli sum:acl
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
iter return:obl
closur equival:dep
element exhaust:obl
sum valu:compound
valu determin:obj
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
iter eachitem:nmod
iter version:compound
sum version:nmod
result sum:dep
appli result:acl
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
iter item:nmod
initi valu:amod
valu appli:obl
closur init val:appos
closur equival:dep
init val sum:dep
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
collect eachitem:nmod
result sum:dep
appli result:acl
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
array item:nmod
initi valu:amod
valu appli:obl
closur init val:appos
closur equival:dep
init val sum:dep
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
array eachitem:nmod
result sum:dep
appli result:acl
closur appli:obj
item appli:obl
iter item:nmod
initi valu:amod
valu appli:obl
closur init val:appos
closur equival:dep
init val sum:dep
element exhaust:obl
sum valu:compound
valu determin:obj
sum return:nsubj
valu sum:nmod
appli return:advcl
closur appli:obj
eachitem appli:obl
iter eachitem:nmod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obl
item represent:dep
iter item:nmod
string item:nmod
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
element exhaust:obl
result valu:amod
conjoin valu:amod
valu determin:obj
join string:amod
iter version:compound
join version:acl
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obl
item represent:dep
iter item:nmod
string item:nmod
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obl
item represent:dep
array item:nmod
string item:nmod
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
string represent:compound
represent concaten:obj
item represent:nmod
array item:nmod
string concaten:obl
separ string:nmod
item separ:nmod
join string:amod
iter version:compound
min version:nmod
min method:compound
method add:obl
collect object:compound
object method:obl
minimum valu:amod
min method:compound
method add:obl
iter object:compound
object method:obl
element exhaust:obl
minimum valu:amod
valu determin:obj
minimum valu:amod
min method:compound
method add:obl
object array:compound
array method:dep
minimum valu:amod
iter version:compound
min version:nmod
minimum valu:amod
valu select:obj
minimum valu:amod
null valu:conj
empti iter:amod
iter valu:obl
minimum valu:amod
valu select:obj
minimum valu:amod
minimum valu:amod
valu select:obj
object array:compound
minimum valu:amod
iter version:compound
min version:nmod
minimum valu:amod
valu select:obj
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
element exhaust:obl
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
minimum valu:amod
minimum valu:amod
valu select:obj
object array:compound
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
minimum valu:amod
iter version:compound
max version:nmod
max method:compound
method add:obl
iter object:compound
object method:obl
maximum valu:amod
max method:compound
method add:obl
iter object:compound
object method:obl
element exhaust:obl
maximum valu:amod
valu determin:obj
maximum valu:amod
max method:compound
method add:obl
object array:compound
array method:dep
maximum valu:amod
iter version:compound
max version:nmod
maximum valu:amod
valu select:obj
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
element exhaust:obl
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
maximum valu:amod
maximum valu:amod
valu select:obj
object array:compound
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
maximum valu:amod
iter version:compound
max version:nmod
maximum valu:amod
valu select:obj
maximum valu:amod
null valu:conj
empti iter:amod
iter valu:obl
maximum valu:amod
valu select:obj
maximum valu:amod
maximum valu:amod
valu select:obj
object array:compound
maximum valu:amod
return indic:compound
collect indic:nmod
index rang:compound
return indic:compound
array indic:nmod
index rang:compound
standard method:amod
groovi method:amod
size method:compound
method provid:obl
iter method:dep
element exhaust:obl
size valu:compound
valu determin:obj
iter length:nmod
standard method:amod
groovi method:amod
size method:compound
method provid:obl
iter method:dep
iter length:nmod
standard method:amod
groovi method:amod
size method:compound
method provid:obl
array method:dep
size length:compound
array length:nmod
rang oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
list oper:nmod
list instanc:compound
base border:case
rang border:compound
border instanc:nmod
item list:nmod
eager list:amod
lazi eager:conj
lazi list:amod
list item:nmod
indic identifi:obj
select identifi:advcl
eager list:amod
lazi eager:conj
lazi list:amod
valu list:nmod
indic valu:nmod
rang oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
eager list:amod
lazi eager:conj
lazi list:amod
list oper:nmod
eager instanc:amod
lazi eager:conj
lazi instanc:amod
list instanc:compound
base instanc:acl
rang border:compound
border base:obl
rang oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
eager list:amod
lazi eager:conj
lazi list:amod
list oper:nmod
list instanc:compound
base border:case
rang border:compound
border instanc:nmod
rang oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
list oper:nmod
list instanc:compound
base border:case
rang border:compound
border instanc:nmod
list select:obj
item list:nmod
list item:nmod
indic identifi:obj
select identifi:advcl
valu list:nmod
indic valu:nmod
list select:obj
item list:nmod
array item:nmod
indic identifi:obj
select identifi:advcl
valu list:nmod
indic valu:nmod
method similar:nsubj
index rang:compound
rang key:conj
method similar:nsubj
index rang:compound
rang key:conj
origin map:amod
map unalt:nsubj
map item:nmod
key map:nmod
valu return:obj
key entri:nmod
case add:nsubj
add key:acl
default valu:compound
valu add:obj
map add:obl
return add:obl
return map:conj
valu ad:nsubj
key valu:nmod
default valu:compound
valu key:conj
map ad:obl
thekey exist:nsubj
exist ad:advcl
support rang:dep
rang support:dep
subscript oper:compound
oper rang:dep
array oper:nmod
list rang:nmod
rang list:nmod
index rang:nmod
rang valu:nsubj
valu notinclud:ccomp
list rang:nmod
rang list:nmod
index rang:nmod
rang valu:nsubj
valu notinclud:ccomp
empti rang:amod
list rang:nmod
rang list:nmod
index rang:nmod
rang valu:nsubj
valu notinclud:ccomp
array convers:nmod
mutabl list:amod
list array:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
list oper:nmod
index valu:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
iter oper:nmod
iter exhaust:nsubj
idx entri:compound
entri exhaust:obl
return exhaust:advcl
exhaust return:advcl
typic usag:amod
valu usag:dep
index valu:nmod
normalis index:nmod
null usag:dep
null valu:conj
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
iter oper:nmod
typic usag:amod
valu usag:dep
index valu:nmod
normalis index:nmod
null usag:dep
null valu:conj
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
list oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
assign oper:compound
oper collect:nsubj
assign operand:compound
operand index:conj
item replac:nsubj
rang item:nmod
item replac:obl
collect item:nmod
list oper:compound
subscript oper:compound
assign oper:compound
index rang:nmod
item replac:nsubj
rang item:nmod
operand replac:obl
valu operand:compound
operand treat:nsubj
singl valu:amod
valu treat:obl
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
map oper:nmod
map return:dep
preced give:obj
result map:amod
valu map:nmod
operand valu:nmod
left map:amod
link hash map tree map:conj
hashtabl tree map:conj
properti tree map:conj
return map:amod
map preserv:nsubj
type preserv:obj
hash map return:nsubj
return preserv:parataxis
map equival:obl
addit logic:amod
preserv logic:acl
left map:amod
map type:compound
type preserv:obj
common case:amod
case type:nmod
helper method:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper work:obl
valu method:dep
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut map:amod
map creat:obj
immut map:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut creat:obj
sort method:acl
map sort:obj
immut sort map:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut list:amod
list creat:iobj
immut list:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut list:amod
list creat:obj
set immut:dep
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut creat:obj
sort method:acl
set sort:obj
immut sort set:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
immut collect:amod
collect creat:obj
immut collect:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
synchron map:amod
map creat:obj
synchron map:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
synchron sort map:amod
sort map creat:obj
sort map synchron:obj
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
synchron collect:amod
collect creat:obj
synchron collect:amod
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
synchron list:amod
list creat:obj
synchron list:amod
conveni method:compound
method set:nsubj
creat method:acl
conveni method:compound
creat method:acl
synchron sort set:amod
sort set creat:obj
sort set synchron:obj
creat spread map:amod
spread map return:dep
map spread map:nmod
case show:obj
note case:dep
groovi cover:nmod
creat spread map:amod
spread map posit:nsubj
map null:nsubj
null spread map:dep
size spread map:conj
size posit:nsubj
spreadabl map:amod
map creat:obj
array creat:obl
creat spread map:amod
spreadabl map:amod
map creat:obj
list creat:obl
creat spread map:amod
spreadabl map:amod
map creat:obj
iter creat:obl
creat spread map:amod
map wrap:obj
decor pattern:compound
call intercept:dep
key wrap:dep
unknown key:amod
default valu:compound
valu store:nsubj
map store:obl
return store:advcl
default valu:compound
valu result:nsubj
store valu:acl
call result:acl
suppli closur:amod
closur call:obj
key call:obl
paramet key:nmod
closur call:obl
wrap map:amod
map usag:dep
lazi default alia:nmod
decor lazi default:acl
list decor:obj
call grow:advcl
index valu:compound
valu call:obl
normal bound:amod
list bound:compound
bound valu:nmod
decor list:amod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
valu indic:nmod
index valu:appos
order valu:dep
zip list:amod
list usag:dep
indic list:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
index indic:nmod
valu index:appos
order index:dep
zip map:amod
map usag:dep
indic map:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
valu indic:nmod
index valu:appos
order valu:dep
zip list:amod
list usag:dep
indic list:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
index indic:nmod
valu index:appos
order index:dep
map usag:dep
key uniqu:obl
indic uniqu:nsubj
uniqu map:dep
iter zip:advmod
indic zip:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
valu indic:nmod
index valu:appos
order valu:dep
zip iter:amod
iter usag:dep
indic iter:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
index indic:nmod
valu index:appos
order index:dep
zip iter:amod
iter usag:dep
indic iter:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
valu indic:nmod
index valu:appos
order valu:dep
zip iter:amod
iter usag:dep
indic iter:nmod
iter zip:obj
indic zip:obl
index indic:nmod
valu index:appos
order index:dep
zip iter:amod
iter usag:dep
indic iter:nmod
iter version:compound
collect sort:dep
collect item:compound
item compar:nsubj
compar sume:ccomp
natur order:amod
result order:amod
order determin:obj
collect list:nsubj
list sort:advcl
place sort:obl
return sort:conj
element collect:nsubj
sort list:acl
return list:acl
return sort:conj
origin collect:amod
unchang collect:advmod
iter sort:obj
list sort:obl
iter version:compound
iter sort:dep
iter item:amod
item compar:nsubj
compar sume:ccomp
natur order:amod
result order:amod
order determin:obj
iter list:nsubj
list sort:advcl
mutat list:conj
mutat sort:advcl
true list:acl
place sort:obl
return sort:conj
element iter:nsubj
sort list:acl
return list:acl
return sort:conj
origin iter:amod
unchang iter:advmod
sort iter:amod
list iter:nmod
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
order determin:obj
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
sort map:compound
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
key compar:amod
order determin:obj
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
sort map:compound
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
natur order:amod
key order:nmod
order determin:obj
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
sort map:compound
array modifi:obj
element sort:nsubj
sort modifi:advcl
order sort:obj
array item:compound
item assum:nsubj
compar assum:xcomp
sort array:compound
array sort:dep
sort order:amod
order array:nmod
array item:compound
item assum:nsubj
compar assum:xcomp
mutat true:nsubj
true sort:advcl
array sort:nsubj
array return:nsubj
place sort:obl
return sort:conj
array sort:obj
origin array:amod
array remain:nsubj
remain return:conj
unchang remain:xcomp
sort array:compound
iter item:compound
item sort:dep
sort iter:amod
iter item:nmod
item assum:nsubj
compar assum:xcomp
origin iter:amod
element exhaust:obl
method call:compound
call complet:obj
iter produc:nsubj
travers produc:ccomp
item travers:obj
sort order:amod
order item:nmod
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
iter item:compound
item sort:dep
sort iter:amod
iter item:nmod
origin iter:amod
element exhaust:obl
method call:compound
call complet:obj
iter produc:nsubj
travers produc:ccomp
item travers:obj
sort order:amod
order item:nmod
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
iter version:compound
iter version:compound
iter sort:dep
iter list:nsubj
list sort:advcl
mutat list:conj
mutat sort:advcl
true list:acl
place sort:obl
return sort:conj
element iter:nsubj
sort list:acl
return list:acl
return sort:conj
origin iter:amod
unchang iter:advmod
sort list:compound
array sort:dep
sort order:amod
order array:nmod
sort array:compound
array modifi:obj
element sort:nsubj
sort modifi:advcl
order sort:obj
determin sort:advcl
compar determin:obl
mutat true:nsubj
true sort:advcl
array sort:nsubj
array return:nsubj
place sort:obl
return sort:conj
array sort:obj
origin array:amod
array remain:nsubj
remain return:conj
unchang remain:xcomp
sort array:compound
iter item:compound
item sort:dep
sort iter:amod
iter item:nmod
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
origin iter:amod
iter process:nsubj
method call:compound
call process:obl
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
element sort:dep
array sort:obl
creat array:amod
array sort:obl
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
sort array:compound
iter version:compound
iter version:compound
unnecessari work:amod
sort set:amod
set sort:iobj
ident function:compound
function set:dep
sort set:amod
set function:nmod
unnecessari work:amod
sort map:amod
map sort:iobj
ident function:compound
function map:dep
sort map:amod
map function:nmod
iter sort:dep
iter element:amod
element compar:nsubj
compar sume:ccomp
result order:amod
order determin:obj
special treatment:amod
number treatment:nmod
thenatur order:amod
iter element:amod
element order:nmod
element iter:nsubj
sort list:acl
return list:acl
return sort:conj
origin iter:amod
unchang iter:advmod
sort iter:amod
list iter:nmod
iter sort:dep
element iter:nsubj
sort list:acl
return list:acl
return sort:conj
origin iter:amod
unchang iter:advmod
sort list:compound
iter sort:dep
iter element:compound
element compar:nsubj
compar sume:ccomp
result order:amod
order determin:obj
special treatment:amod
number treatment:nmod
thenatur order:amod
iter element:compound
element order:nmod
iter produc:nsubj
travers produc:ccomp
item travers:obj
sort order:amod
order item:nmod
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
iter item:compound
origin iter:amod
element exhaust:obl
method call:compound
call complet:obj
iter produc:nsubj
travers produc:ccomp
item travers:obj
sort order:amod
order item:nmod
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
iter item:compound
item sort:dep
sort iter:amod
iter item:nmod
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
origin iter:amod
iter process:nsubj
method call:compound
call process:obl
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
sort item:amod
iter item:nmod
sort version:amod
version return:dep
array version:nmod
suppli compar:amod
sort array:compound
sort version:amod
version return:dep
array version:nmod
suppli compar:amod
result order:amod
order determin:obj
sort array:compound
element sort:dep
array sort:obl
creat array:amod
array sort:obl
correct order:amod
order determin:obj
tradit compar:amod
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
sort array:compound
sort map:nsubj
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
entri valu:compound
valu map:obj
determin map:advcl
result order:amod
order determin:obj
special treatment:amod
number treatment:nmod
thenatur order:amod
iter element:compound
element order:nmod
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
sort map:compound
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
suppli compar:amod
order determin:obj
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
sort map:compound
element sort:dep
map element:nmod
order map:amod
suppli condit:amod
closur condit:compound
compar condit:nmod
determin compar:acl
order determin:obj
origin map:amod
map unchang:nsubj
tradit compar:amod
entri paramet:compound
paramet compar:obj
order compar:obl
return compar:obl
return order:conj
negat integ:amod
integ return:obj
posit integ:amod
integ compar:obl
integ order:conj
paramet equal:nsubj
paramet greater:nsubj
equal integ:acl
greater integ:acl
closur assum:nsubj
singl paramet:amod
entri paramet:compound
return assum:xcomp
compar return:obj
integ compar:acl
sort map:compound
unnecessari work:amod
set sort:acl
order copi:amod
copi set:obj
sort set:amod
set copi:nmod
unnecessari work:amod
sort map:amod
map sort:iobj
order copi:amod
copi map:dep
map copi:nmod
item remov:obj
list remov:obl
ing similar:csubj
add ing:obj
pop ing:dep
push similar:xcomp
pop similar:xcomp
pop push:conj
stack push:obl
item remov:nsubj
list remov:obl
multipl valu:amod
valu append:obj
map append:obl
map ad:nsubj
item map:nmod
map return:dep
preced give:obj
entri give:obl
result map:amod
valu map:nmod
entri operand:compound
operand valu:nmod
link hash map tree map:conj
hashtabl tree map:conj
properti tree map:conj
return map:amod
map preserv:nsubj
type preserv:obj
hash map return:nsubj
return preserv:parataxis
valu pair:compound
pair map:appos
entri pair:nmod
item append:obj
list append:obl
add synonym:nmod
general contract:amod
contract true:nmod
method contract:nmod
item return:dep
list item:nmod
list item:nmod
item return:dep
iter item:nmod
element return:nsubj
return element:acl
iter return:obl
iter guarante:nsubj
defin order:amod
order guarante:obj
random element:amod
element return:nsubj
iter item:nmod
item return:dep
array item:nmod
array item:nmod
item return:dep
list item:nmod
list item:nmod
item return:dep
iter item:nmod
element return:nsubj
return element:acl
iter return:obl
iter guarante:nsubj
defin order:amod
order guarante:obj
random element:amod
element return:nsubj
iter item:nmod
item return:dep
array item:nmod
array item:nmod
item return:dep
iter item:nmod
element return:nsubj
return element:acl
iter return:obl
iter guarante:nsubj
defin order:amod
order guarante:obj
random element:amod
element return:nsubj
iter item:nmod
item return:dep
list item:nmod
list item:nmod
item return:dep
object array:compound
array item:nmod
object array:compound
array item:nmod
item return:dep
list item:nmod
exclud item:case
item list:nmod
element list:nmod
item return:dep
sort set item:nmod
exclud item:case
item sort set:nmod
element sort set:nmod
item return:dep
iter item:nmod
exclud item:case
item iter:nmod
element collect:nmod
item return:dep
array item:nmod
exclud item:case
item array:nmod
element array:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter return:dep
throw iter:acl
element throw:obj
element iter:nmod
item return:dep
iter item:nmod
exclud item:case
item iter:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter leav:dep
unchang leav:dep
element collect:nmod
item return:dep
list item:nmod
exclud item:case
item list:nmod
origin list:amod
list leav:dep
unchang leav:dep
element list:nmod
item return:dep
sort set item:nmod
exclud item:case
item sort set:nmod
origin sort set:amod
sort set leav:dep
unchang leav:dep
element sort set:nmod
iter return:dep
element iter:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter element:nmod
item return:dep
object array:compound
array item:nmod
exclud item:case
item array:nmod
element array:nmod
num element:compound
element return:dep
head element:nmod
list head:nmod
consist list:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
list element:nmod
list element:nmod
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
head element:nmod
sort set head:nmod
consist sort set:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
list element:nmod
sort set element:nmod
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
head element:nmod
array head:nmod
consist array:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
array element:nmod
array element:dep
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
head element:nmod
iter head:nmod
collect consist:nsubj
num element:compound
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
element consist:obj
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
item add:obj
iter item:nmod
collect add:obl
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
item add:obj
iter item:nmod
collect add:obl
collect chang:nsubj
chang true:ccomp
map return:dep
num element:compound
map head:nmod
map instanc:compound
instanc order:nsubj
order return:advcl
key order:obj
function return:nsubj
random entri:amod
num entri:compound
entri return:obj
default groovi:nmod
main issu:nmod
consist map:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
map element:nmod
map element:dep
num element:compound
iter return:dep
element iter:nmod
iter element:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter step:nsubj
num element:compound
element step:obl
consist iter:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element return:dep
tail element:nmod
array tail:nmod
consist array:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
array element:nmod
array element:dep
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
tail element:nmod
iter tail:nmod
collect consist:nsubj
num element:compound
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
element consist:obj
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
tail element:nmod
list tail:nmod
consist list:acl
num element:compound
element consist:obl
list element:nmod
list element:nmod
num element:compound
num element:compound
element return:dep
tail element:nmod
sort set tail:nmod
sort set consist:nsubj
num element:compound
element consist:obl
sort set element:nmod
element consist:obj
sort set element:nmod
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
head element:nmod
list head:nmod
consist sort set:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element iter:conj
empti list:amod
list element:nmod
list iter:conj
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
head element:nmod
list head:nmod
consist list:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element iter:conj
empti list:amod
list element:nmod
list iter:conj
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
head element:nmod
iter head:nmod
consist collect:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element iter:conj
empti list:amod
list element:nmod
list iter:conj
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
head element:nmod
array head:nmod
consist array:acl
element consist:obl
array element:nmod
empti array:amod
num element:nummod
number drop:obj
key valu:compound
valu number:nmod
pair drop:nsubj
head pair:nmod
map head:nmod
map instanc:compound
instanc order:nsubj
order drop:advcl
key order:obj
function drop:nsubj
random entri:amod
num entri:compound
entri drop:obj
default groovi:nmod
main issu:nmod
consist map:acl
key valu:compound
valu pair:compound
pair consist:obj
map pair:nmod
empti map:amod
map pair:dep
num element:nummod
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
head element:nmod
iter head:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter step:nsubj
num element:compound
element step:obl
iter step:nsubj
num element:compound
element step:obl
exist step:advcl
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
tail element:nmod
sort set tail:nmod
consist list:acl
element consist:obl
sort set element:nmod
num element:compound
element sort set:conj
empti sort set:amod
sort set element:nmod
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
tail element:nmod
list tail:nmod
consist list:acl
element consist:obl
list element:nmod
num element:compound
element list:conj
empti list:amod
list element:nmod
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
tail element:nmod
iter tail:nmod
consist collect:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element iter:conj
empti list:amod
list element:nmod
list iter:conj
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
tail element:nmod
iter tail:nmod
consist iter:acl
element consist:obl
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
element iter:conj
empti iter:amod
iter element:nmod
num element:compound
number drop:obj
element number:nmod
tail element:nmod
array tail:nmod
consist array:acl
element consist:obl
array element:nmod
empti array:amod
num element:nummod
return evalu:nsubj
longest prefix:amod
prefix return:dep
list prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass return:acl
closur condit:compound
condit pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
preserv attempt:xcomp
type preserv:obj
origin list:amod
list type:nmod
list prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass list:acl
toth closur:compound
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu pass:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
return evalu:nsubj
collect return:dep
longest prefix:amod
element prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass iter:acl
closur pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
collect evalu:nsubj
element prefix:nmod
iter element:compound
whereeach element:compound
pass collect:acl
closur pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
return evalu:nsubj
longest prefix:amod
prefix return:dep
sort set prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass return:acl
closur condit:compound
condit pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
preserv attempt:xcomp
type preserv:obj
origin sort set:amod
sort set type:nmod
sort set prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass sort set:acl
toth closur:compound
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu pass:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
longest prefix:amod
prefix return:dep
map prefix:nmod
entri evalu:nsubj
key pair:compound
valu pair:compound
pair entri:conj
pair evalu:nsubj
pass entri:acl
closur pass:obl
evalu return:dep
true evalu:advcl
map instanc:compound
instanc order:nsubj
key order:obj
random entri:amod
default groovi:nmod
main issu:nmod
map prefix:nmod
entri pass:nsubj
key pair:compound
valu pair:compound
pair entri:conj
pair pass:nsubj
pass map:acl
toth closur:compound
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu pass:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
return evalu:nsubj
longest prefix:amod
prefix return:dep
array prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass return:acl
closur pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
array prefix:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass array:acl
toth closur:compound
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu pass:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
return evalu:nsubj
longest prefix:amod
prefix return:dep
element prefix:nmod
iter element:nmod
element pass:nsubj
pass return:acl
condit closur:compound
closur pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
prefix evalu:nsubj
element prefix:nmod
iter element:nmod
pass iter:acl
closur pass:obl
true evalu:advcl
suffix return:dep
sort set suffix:nmod
element drop:nsubj
drop return:dep
front drop:obl
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu drop:advcl
true evalu:advcl
preserv attempt:xcomp
type preserv:obj
origin sort set:amod
sort set type:nmod
shortest suffix:amod
sort set suffix:nmod
closur conditionevalu:compound
conditionevalu drop:nsubj
true conditionevalu:acl
element conditionevalu:nmod
drop sort set:dep
front drop:obl
sort set front:nmod
suffix return:dep
list suffix:nmod
element drop:nsubj
drop return:dep
front drop:obl
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu drop:advcl
true evalu:advcl
preserv attempt:xcomp
type preserv:obj
origin list:amod
list type:nmod
shortest suffix:amod
list suffix:nmod
closur conditionevalu:compound
conditionevalu drop:nsubj
true conditionevalu:acl
element conditionevalu:nmod
drop list:dep
front drop:obl
list front:nmod
suffix return:dep
iter suffix:nmod
element drop:nsubj
drop return:dep
front drop:obl
closur evalu:nsubj
evalu drop:advcl
true evalu:advcl
shortest suffix:amod
iter suffix:nmod
closur conditionevalu:compound
conditionevalu drop:nsubj
true conditionevalu:acl
element conditionevalu:nmod
front drop:obl
iter front:nmod
suffix creat:obj
array suffix:nmod
drop array:acl
front drop:obl
origin array:amod
array front:nmod
call evalu:csubj
closur condit:compound
condit call:obj
evalu drop:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
pass evalu:advcl
drop element:compound
element pass:obl
shortest suffix:amod
array suffix:nmod
closur conditionevalu:compound
conditionevalu drop:nsubj
true conditionevalu:acl
element conditionevalu:nmod
drop array:dep
front drop:obl
array front:nmod
iter creat:obj
return iter:acl
suffix return:obj
element suffix:nmod
origin iter:amod
iter element:nmod
element drop:obl
front drop:obl
origin iter:amod
iter front:nmod
call evalu:csubj
closur condit:compound
condit call:obj
evalu drop:ccomp
true evalu:advcl
pass evalu:advcl
drop element:compound
shortest suffix:amod
element suffix:nmod
iter element:nmod
closur conditionevalu:compound
conditionevalu drop:nsubj
true conditionevalu:acl
element conditionevalu:nmod
drop iter:dep
front drop:obl
iter front:nmod
iter convert:obj
collect convert:obl
origin iter:amod
iter return:dep
collect return:dep
creat list:amod
list usag:dep
iter collect:nsubj
collect list:dep
iter version:compound
list version:nmod
iter convert:obj
list convert:obl
origin iter:amod
iter return:dep
list return:dep
creat list:amod
list usag:dep
iter list:nsubj
object instanc:compound
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
object coerc:nsubj
true coerc:advcl
null coerc:advcl
fals null:advcl
boolean valu:amod
boolean instanc:amod
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
boolean valu:amod
collect instanc:compound
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
collect coerc:nsubj
collect true:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
empti coerc:advcl
true coerc:conj
boolean valu:amod
map instanc:compound
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
map coerc:nsubj
map true:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
empti coerc:advcl
true coerc:conj
boolean valu:amod
iter instanc:compound
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
iter coerc:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
iter element:acl
true element:conj
boolean valu:amod
enumer instanc:compound
instanc coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
enumer coerc:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
enumer element:acl
true element:conj
boolean valu:amod
object array:compound
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
object array:compound
array fals:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
boolean valu:amod
byte array:compound
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
byte array:compound
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
short array:amod
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
short array:amod
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
int array:compound
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
int array:compound
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
long array:amod
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
long array:amod
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
float array:compound
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
float array:compound
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
doubl array:amod
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
doubl array:amod
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
boolean array:amod
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
boolean array:amod
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
char array:compound
array coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
char array:compound
array fals:nsubj
array true:nsubj
array length:nsubj
length fals:advcl
true fals:conj
array valu:nmod
boolean valu:amod
charact coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
charact coerc:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
charact valu:compound
valu coerc:advcl
equal valu:acl
equal valu:acl
true equal:obl
boolean valu:amod
number coerc:obj
boolean valu:amod
valu coerc:obl
number coerc:nsubj
number true:nsubj
fals coerc:advcl
doubl valu:amod
valu equal:nsubj
valu equal:nsubj
equal coerc:advcl
equal coerc:advcl
true equal:obl
true coerc:conj
boolean valu:amod
collect convert:obj
type convert:obl
default type:compound
concret type:amod
set list:acl
sort set list:conj
call defer:nsubj
collect type:nsubj
type return:advcl
instanc return:nsubj
result object:acl
type convers:compound
convers result:obl
array convert:obj
list array:nmod
set list:acl
sort set convert:obj
sort set array:conj
call defer:nsubj
result object:acl
type convers:compound
convers result:obl
closur coerc:obj
implement coerc:obl
class implement:nmod
class assum:nsubj
interfac assum:xcomp
class assum:xcomp
class interfac:conj
singl definit:amod
method definit:compound
definit interfac:nmod
singl method:amod
method implement:nmod
type proxi:nmod
wrap type:acl
closur wrap:obj
map coerc:obj
type map:nmod
map key:nmod
valu closur:nsubj
behav closur:acl
method implement:compound
implement behav:obl
type proxi:nmod
defer type:acl
call defer:obj
map element:nmod
element defer:obl
list creat:obj
ident content:amod
content creat:obl
content creat:obl
list content:nmod
revers order:amod
order content:nmod
revers list:amod
element revers:obj
list element:nmod
mutat true:nsubj
true modifi:advcl
origin list:amod
list modifi:nsubj
list return:nsubj
place modifi:obl
return modifi:conj
list produc:nsubj
revers item:amod
revers list:amod
array creat:obj
revers order:amod
revers item:amod
item revers:obj
array revers:obl
mutat true:nsubj
true modifi:advcl
origin array:amod
array modifi:nsubj
array return:nsubj
place modifi:obl
return modifi:conj
array produc:nsubj
revers item:amod
revers item:amod
iter revers:obj
origin iter:amod
element exhaust:obl
revers valu:amod
valu determin:obj
iter return:nsubj
revers valu:amod
valu iter:obl
revers iter:amod
array creat:obj
union creat:obl
array union:nmod
array append:nsubj
left append:advcl
array creat:obj
origin array:amod
addit element:amod
append element:amod
element array:nmod
array append:nsubj
array creat:obj
origin array:amod
array append:nsubj
array creat:obj
origin array:amod
array append:nsubj
collect creat:obj
union creat:obl
collect union:nmod
left collect:amod
return collect:amod
list set:obj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg collect:amod
collect creat:obj
union creat:obl
iter union:nmod
left iter:amod
return collect:amod
list set:obj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg collect:amod
collect creat:obj
union creat:obl
collect union:nmod
iter union:nmod
iter collect:conj
left collect:amod
return collect:amod
list set:obj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg collect:amod
list creat:obj
union creat:obl
list union:nmod
iter union:nmod
iter list:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg list:amod
list creat:obj
union creat:obl
list union:nmod
collect union:nmod
collect list:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg list:amod
set creat:dep
union set:obl
iter union:nmod
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
set merg:dep
set creat:dep
union set:obl
collect union:nmod
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
set merg:dep
sort set creat:obj
union creat:obl
sort set union:nmod
iter union:nmod
iter sort set:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg sort set:amod
sort set creat:obj
union creat:obl
sort set union:nmod
collect union:nmod
collect sort set:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
merg sort set:amod
list creat:obj
insert creat:advcl
iter element:nmod
element insert:obl
list element:nmod
index list:nmod
collect creat:obj
union creat:obl
collect union:nmod
object union:nmod
object collect:conj
return collect:amod
list set:obj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
result collect:amod
collect creat:obj
union creat:obl
iter union:nmod
object union:nmod
object iter:conj
return collect:amod
list set:obj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
result collect:amod
list creat:obj
union creat:obl
list union:nmod
object union:nmod
object list:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
result list:amod
set creat:dep
union set:obl
object union:nmod
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
sort set creat:obj
union creat:obl
sort set union:nmod
object union:nmod
object sort set:conj
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
result sort set:amod
iter variant:compound
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:ccomp
element compos:obl
iter element:nmod
repeat compos:dep
number compos:obj
time number:nmod
element ad:obl
multipl refer:amod
refer ad:nsubj
instanc refer:nmod
ad note:ccomp
duplic support:obj
method return:nsubj
return note:appos
collect return:obj
singl copi:amod
copi return:obl
iter item:nmod
item copi:nmod
multipli collect:amod
list repeat:nsubj
compos list:acl
element compos:obl
iter element:nmod
repeat creat:ccomp
number repeat:obj
time number:nmod
element ad:obl
multipl refer:amod
refer ad:nsubj
instanc refer:nmod
ad note:ccomp
duplic support:obj
method return:nsubj
return note:appos
collect return:obj
singl copi:amod
copi return:obl
iter item:nmod
item copi:nmod
multipli list:amod
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
intersect compos:obl
collect intersect:nmod
element ad:nsubj
exist element:acl
collect exist:obl
result collect:amod
collect ad:obl
intersect collect:nmod
collect intersect:nmod
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
intersect compos:obl
iter intersect:nmod
element ad:nsubj
exist element:acl
iter exist:obl
result collect:amod
collect ad:obl
intersect collect:nmod
iter intersect:nmod
list creat:obj
compos list:acl
intersect compos:obl
list intersect:nmod
iter intersect:nmod
iter list:conj
element ad:nsubj
exist element:acl
iter exist:obl
result collect:amod
collect ad:obl
intersect list:nmod
list intersect:nmod
iter intersect:nmod
iter list:conj
intersect compos:obl
iter intersect:nmod
element ad:nsubj
exist element:acl
iter exist:obl
result collect:amod
collect ad:obl
intersect set:obl
iter intersect:nmod
sort set compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
intersect compos:obl
sort set intersect:nmod
iter intersect:nmod
iter sort set:conj
element ad:nsubj
exist element:acl
iter exist:obl
result collect:amod
collect ad:obl
intersect set:obl
sort set intersect:nmod
iter intersect:nmod
iter sort set:conj
map creat:obj
compos map:acl
intersect compos:obl
map intersect:nmod
entri ad:nsubj
exist entri:acl
map exist:obl
result map:amod
map ad:obl
intersect map:nmod
map intersect:nmod
true return:dep
intersect empti:nsubj
iter intersect:nmod
empti true:ccomp
true boolean:dep
intersect empti:dep
iterablesi intersect:nmod
empti true:ccomp
fals true:dep
iter variant:compound
content compar:obj
array content:nmod
content compar:obl
array content:nmod
content equal:nsubj
array content:nmod
equal true:dep
content equal:nsubj
array content:nmod
equal determin:advcl
content equal:obl
list content:nmod
order content:nmod
fals return:xcomp
collect null:nsubj
null return:advcl
content equal:nsubj
collect content:nmod
equal true:ccomp
content equal:nsubj
list content:nmod
equal determin:advcl
content equal:obl
array content:nmod
order array:nmod
fals return:xcomp
collect null:nsubj
null return:advcl
content equal:nsubj
collect content:nmod
equal true:ccomp
content compar:obj
list content:nmod
matter order:dep
number exist:nsubj
exist compar:advcl
list exist:obl
number compar:obl
list null:nsubj
null true:advcl
result true:nsubj
list null:nsubj
null fals:advcl
result fals:nsubj
fals true:parataxis
boolean ident:dep
true ident:dep
content ident:nsubj
list content:nmod
ident fals:dep
set content:nmod
equal set:nmod
groovi rule:nmod
coercion rule:compound
return true:dep
set member:nmod
set member:nmod
number exist:nsubj
exist compar:advcl
set exist:obl
number compar:obl
set null:nsubj
null true:advcl
result true:nsubj
set null:nsubj
null fals:advcl
result fals:nsubj
fals true:parataxis
true usag:parataxis
content ident:nsubj
set content:nmod
ident true:ccomp
map compar:obj
treat compar:xcomp
coerc valu:amod
numer valu:amod
valu treat:obj
ident treat:advcl
true usag:parataxis
content ident:nsubj
map content:nmod
ident true:ccomp
set creat:ccomp
compos set:dep
element compos:obl
element set:obl
collect element:nmod
set creat:ccomp
compos set:dep
element compos:obl
element set:obl
iter element:nmod
element compos:obl
sort set compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
sort set element:nmod
element sort set:nmod
collect element:nmod
result sort set:amod
sort set compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
sort set element:nmod
element sort set:nmod
iter element:nmod
result sort set:amod
sort set compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
sort set element:nmod
element sort set:nmod
result sort set:amod
array creat:obj
compos array:acl
element compos:obl
array element:nmod
element array:nmod
iter element:nmod
array remov:nsubj
suppli element:amod
element array:nmod
array creat:obj
compos array:acl
element compos:obl
array element:nmod
element array:nmod
array element:nmod
array remov:nsubj
suppli element:amod
element array:nmod
list creat:obj
compos list:acl
element compos:obl
list element:nmod
occurr list:nmod
element occurr:nmod
collect element:nmod
list remov:nsubj
element list:nmod
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
collect element:nmod
occurr collect:nmod
element occurr:nmod
collect element:nmod
collect remov:nsubj
element collect:nmod
list creat:obj
compos list:acl
element compos:obl
list element:nmod
occurr list:nmod
element occurr:nmod
iter element:nmod
list remov:nsubj
element list:nmod
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
iter element:nmod
occurr iter:nmod
element occurr:nmod
iter element:nmod
collect remov:nsubj
element collect:nmod
list creat:obj
compos list:acl
element compos:obl
list element:nmod
occurr list:nmod
element occurr:nmod
remov element:acl
result list:amod
list remov:nsubj
element list:nmod
collect compos:nsubj
compos creat:dep
element compos:obl
iter element:nmod
occurr iter:nmod
element occurr:nmod
remov element:acl
result collect:amod
collect remov:nsubj
element collect:nmod
object array:compound
array creat:obj
compos array:acl
element compos:obl
array element:nmod
element array:conj
remov compos:xcomp
array remov:nsubj
operand array:nmod
map creat:obj
compos map:acl
entri compos:obl
map entri:nmod
entri map:nmod
map entri:nmod
result map:amod
collect flatten:obj
nest array:amod
array collect:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
iter flatten:obj
nest array:amod
array iter:conj
collect iter:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
list flatten:obj
nest array:amod
array list:conj
collect list:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
list ad:obl
flatten list:amod
set flatten:dep
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
set ad:obl
sort set flatten:obj
nest array:amod
array sort set:conj
collect sort set:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
sort set ad:obl
flatten sort set:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
array flatten:obj
nest array:amod
collect array:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
flatten collect:amod
iter version:compound
flatten version:acl
iter flatten:obj
nest array:amod
array iter:conj
collect iter:conj
collect array:conj
ad content:acl
collect ad:obl
object yield:obl
repres object:acl
sort repres:obj
collect type:amod
type sort:nmod
suppli closur:amod
closur yield:nsubj
item yield:obj
closur return:nsubj
return yield:parataxis
element return:obj
correspond element:acl
leaf correspond:obl
flatten collect:amod
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
object append:obj
collect append:obl
collect ad:nsubj
valu collect:nmod
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
object append:obj
list append:obl
list ad:nsubj
valu list:nmod
overload set:nsubj
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
object append:obj
valu set:obl
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
object append:obj
sort set append:obl
sort set ad:nsubj
valu sort set:nmod
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
object append:obj
block queue append:obl
bound queue:amod
queue block:obl
method block:nsubj
space block:obl
queue block:obl
valu ad:nsubj
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
valu append:obj
map append:obl
map ad:nsubj
valu map:nmod
overload map:nsubj
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper provid:nsubj
provid overload:acl
put provid:advcl
entri map:obj
put synonym:nmod
return synonym:advcl
origin map:amod
map return:obj
void method:amod
method return:advcl
map usag:dep
valu ad:nsubj
ad map:acl
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper implement:nmod
integr type:amod
type oper:nmod
integr type:amod
number type:compound
type throw:nsubj
unsupport oper throw:obj
result number:amod
shift oper:compound
oper implement:nmod
integr type:amod
type oper:nmod
integr type:amod
number type:compound
type throw:nsubj
unsupport oper throw:obj
result number:amod
shift oper:compound
unsign shift:dep
oper implement:nmod
integr type:amod
type oper:nmod
integr type:amod
number type:compound
type throw:nsubj
unsupport oper throw:obj
result number:amod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
rang oper:nmod
byte array:compound
array rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev byte:amod
byte list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
rang oper:nmod
char array:compound
array rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev char:amod
char list:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
rang oper:obl
short list:amod
array list:compound
list rang:nmod
retriev short:amod
short list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
rang oper:nmod
int array:compound
array rang:nmod
list support:dep
int list:nmod
indic int:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
rang oper:obl
long list:amod
array list:compound
list rang:nmod
retriev long:amod
long list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
rang oper:nmod
float array:compound
array rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev float:amod
float list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper doubl:nsubj
rang oper:nmod
doubl list:amod
array list:compound
list rang:nmod
doubl support:dep
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
rang oper:obl
boolean list:amod
array list:compound
list rang:nmod
retriev boolean:amod
boolean list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
int rang oper:nmod
byte array:compound
array int rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev byte:amod
byte list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
int rang oper:nmod
char array:compound
array int rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev char:amod
char list:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
int rang oper:obl
short list:amod
array list:compound
list int rang:nmod
retriev short:amod
short list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
int rang oper:nmod
int array:compound
array int rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev int:amod
int list:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
int rang oper:obl
long list:amod
array list:compound
list int rang:nmod
retriev long:amod
long list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
int rang oper:nmod
float array:compound
array int rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev float:amod
float list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper doubl:nsubj
int rang oper:nmod
doubl list:amod
array list:compound
list int rang:nmod
doubl support:dep
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
int rang oper:obl
boolean list:amod
array list:compound
list int rang:nmod
retriev boolean:amod
boolean list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
object rang oper:nmod
byte array:compound
array object rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev byte:amod
byte list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
object rang oper:nmod
char array:compound
array object rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev char:amod
char list:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
object rang oper:obl
short list:amod
array list:compound
list object rang:nmod
retriev short:amod
short list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
object rang oper:nmod
int array:compound
array object rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev int:amod
int list:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
object rang oper:obl
long list:amod
array list:compound
list object rang:nmod
retriev long:amod
long list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
object rang oper:nmod
float array:compound
array object rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev float:amod
float list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper doubl:nsubj
object rang oper:nmod
doubl list:amod
array list:compound
list object rang:nmod
doubl support:dep
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
object rang oper:nmod
byte array:compound
array object rang:nmod
list support:dep
retriev byte:amod
byte list:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
byte array:compound
array collect:nmod
list support:dep
byte list:nmod
indic byte:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
char array:compound
array collect:nmod
list support:dep
char list:nmod
indic char:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
collect oper:obl
short list:amod
array list:compound
list collect:nmod
short list:nmod
indic short:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
int array:compound
array collect:nmod
list support:dep
int list:nmod
indic int:nmod
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
collect oper:obl
long list:amod
array list:compound
list collect:nmod
long list:nmod
indic long:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
float array:compound
array collect:nmod
list support:dep
float list:nmod
indic float:nmod
support doubl:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
collect oper:nmod
doubl list:amod
array list:compound
list collect:nmod
indic doubl:obl
support oper:nsubj
subscript oper:compound
collect oper:obl
boolean list:amod
array list:compound
list collect:nmod
boolean list:nmod
indic boolean:nmod
subscript oper:compound
oper support:dep
bitset valu:compound
valu oper:nmod
bit valu:nmod
index bit:nmod
retriev support:acl
subset retriev:obj
bit set subset:nmod
bit set support:dep
repres bit set:acl
request subset:amod
subset repres:obj
assign support:acl
rang assign:obj
valu rang:nmod
singl statement:amod
assign statement:compound
statement valu:nmod
subscript style:compound
style assign:compound
assign support:dep
bit set support:obl
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
similar behav:xcomp
collect similar:obl
array length:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
list convert:obl
size list:nmod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
list ad:obl
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
array convert:obj
uniqu element:amod
element ad:nsubj
ad convert:advcl
set ad:obl
uniqu content:amod
array content:nmod
collect convert:obj
set return:nsubj
iter convert:obj
set return:nsubj
iter convert:obj
element exhaust:obl
enumer convert:obj
int method:compound
method implement:dep
primit type:amod
type array:compound
array method:nmod
return valu:amod
array valu:nmod
rang method:compound
method implement:dep
primit type:amod
type array:compound
array method:nmod
return valu:amod
array valu:nmod
collect method:compound
method implement:dep
primit type:amod
type array:compound
array method:nmod
valu assum:nsubj
collect argument:compound
argument valu:nmod
valid index:amod
array index:compound
index assum:xcomp
valu ad:nsubj
index valu:nmod
list ad:obl
return list:acl
return valu:amod
array valu:nmod
set method:compound
int idx:compound
idx set:dep
method implement:dep
primit type:amod
type array:compound
array method:nmod
ad valu:amod
ident convers:compound
return convers:acl
true boolean:amod
fals boolean:amod
origin boolean:amod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
occurr number:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
array check:nmod
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
map represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
map represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
map content:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
map represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
map content:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
collect represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
collect content:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
list represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
list content:nmod
similar list:amod
list similar:obl
liter list:amod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
list represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
list content:nmod
similar list:amod
list similar:obl
liter list:amod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array content:nmod
content represent:nmod
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent return:dep
array represent:nmod
string display:nsubj
content display:obj
array content:nmod
similar array:amod
array similar:obl
liter array:dep
string represent:compound
string represent:compound
represent creat:obj
object represent:nmod
charact increment:dep
increment charact:amod
number increment:dep
increment number:amod
charact decrement:dep
decrement charact:amod
number decrement:dep
decrement number:amod
charact add:obj
number add:obj
number charact:conj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
left addit:acl
number add:obj
charact add:obj
charact number:conj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
left addit:acl
charact add:obj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
oper creat:nsubj
object creat:obj
result creat:obl
operand remain:nsubj
remain creat:advcl
unchang remain:xcomp
left addit:acl
charact compar:obj
number compar:obj
number charact:conj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
comparison result:nmod
number compar:obj
charact compar:obj
charact number:conj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
comparison result:nmod
charact compar:obj
ordin valu:amod
valu compar:nsubj
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
valu compar:parataxis
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
comparison result:nmod
number compar:obj
number comparison:nmod
larg number:amod
number handl:obj
number subtract:obj
charact subtract:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
charact subtract:obj
number subtract:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
charact subtract:obj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
charact multipli:obj
number multipli:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
number left:nsubj
number multipli:obj
charact multipli:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
left multipl:acl
charact multipli:obj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
number left:nsubj
big decim multipli:obj
doubl multipli:obj
doubl big decim:conj
groovi rule:amod
rule enforc:obj
big decim doubl rule:nmod
method respond:obl
multipli method:compound
big decim multipli:obj
method respond:nsubj
method return:nsubj
big decim method:nmod
return respond:conj
big decim respond:obj
big decim prefer:nsubj
prefer chosen:advcl
number prefer:obl
number number method:compound
method chosen:nsubj
older version:amod
version chosen:obl
groovi version:nmod
left multipl:acl
big decim multipli:obj
big integ multipli:obj
big integ big decim:conj
groovi rule:amod
rule enforc:obj
big decimallong rule:nmod
method respond:obl
multipli method:compound
big decim multipli:obj
method respond:nsubj
method return:nsubj
big decim method:nmod
return respond:conj
big decim respond:obj
big decim prefer:nsubj
prefer chosen:advcl
number prefer:obl
number number method:compound
method chosen:nsubj
older version:amod
version chosen:obl
groovi version:nmod
big integ fallback:nsubj
integ type:compound
type fallback:nmod
groovi type:nmod
multipl groovi:nmod
left type:acl
number power:nmod
expon number:nmod
oper call:obl
power number:nmod
expon power:nmod
big decim power:nmod
integ expon:compound
expon power:nmod
expon posit:nsubj
posit call:advcl
int method:compound
method call:obj
maintain call:advcl
precis maintain:obj
oper call:obl
power number:nmod
expon power:nmod
big integ power:nmod
integ expon:compound
expon power:nmod
expon posit:nsubj
posit call:advcl
int method:compound
method call:obj
maintain call:advcl
precis maintain:obj
oper call:obl
power number:nmod
expon power:nmod
integ power:nmod
integ expon:compound
expon integ:nmod
expon posit:nsubj
posit convert:advcl
big integ convert:obl
call convert:conj
method call:obj
maintain call:advcl
precis maintain:obj
oper call:obl
power number:nmod
expon power:nmod
long expon:amod
integ long:obl
expon power:nmod
expon posit:nsubj
posit convert:advcl
big integ convert:obl
call convert:conj
method call:obj
maintain call:advcl
precis maintain:obj
oper call:obl
power number:nmod
expon power:nmod
big integ power:nmod
big integ expon:compound
expon power:nmod
oper call:obl
power big integ:nmod
expon power:nmod
charact divid:obj
number divid:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
number left:nsubj
number divid:obj
charact divid:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
number left:nsubj
charact divid:obj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
number left:nsubj
integ divid:nsubj
charact divid:obj
number divid:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
integ number:dep
result number:acl
integ oper:compound
divis oper:compound
oper result:obl
integ divid:nsubj
number divid:obj
charact divid:obl
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
integ number:dep
result number:acl
integ oper:compound
divis oper:compound
oper result:obl
integ divid:nsubj
charact divid:obj
ordin valu:amod
charact valu:nmod
ordin valu:amod
unicod valu:amod
simpl set:amod
charact set:compound
set valu:obl
ascii valu:compound
integ number:dep
result number:acl
integ oper:compound
divis oper:compound
oper result:obl
integ divid:nsubj
number divid:obj
integ number:dep
result number:acl
integ oper:compound
divis oper:compound
oper result:obl
number bitwis:conj
bit set bitwis:conj
bitwis xor:compound
bit set xor:dep
bit set:compound
bitwis xor:amod
bit set xor:nmod
bitwis negat:nsubj
bit set negat:obj
bitwis negat:amod
bit set negat:nmod
bitwis negat:nsubj
number negat:obj
bitwis negat:amod
number negat:nmod
bit set:compound
bitwis xor:compound
number xor:dep
bitwis xor:amod
number xor:nmod
divis oper:compound
modulus oper:compound
oper perform:obj
oper call:obl
modulus result:compound
number negat:obj
singl operand:amod
operand prece:iobj
negat operand:dep
number negat:nmod
return noop:nsubj
number return:dep
number noop:nmod
oper overload:nsubj
form overload:obj
prece overload:advcl
singl operand:amod
operand prece:obj
closur execut:obj
time execut:obl
start execut:advcl
current index:amod
index pass:nsubj
closur pass:obl
time pass:obl
number print:dep
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
print number:compound
number iter:nmod
inclus increment:dep
increment iter:parataxis
time increment:obl
number print:dep
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number iter:nmod
inclus decrement:dep
decrement iter:parataxis
time decrement:obl
number pass:nsubj
closur pass:obl
print number:compound
number iter:nmod
step increment:compound
intermedi number:amod
number pass:nsubj
closur pass:obl
number print:dep
absolut valu:amod
absolut valu:amod
number valu:nmod
absolut valu:amod
absolut valu:amod
long valu:nmod
absolut valu:amod
valu float:nsubj
absolut valu:amod
absolut valu:amod
absolut valu:amod
doubl valu:nmod
decim place:amod
place number:nmod
valu truncat:nsubj
float valu:dep
number truncat:obl
decim place:amod
place number:nmod
valu doubl:nsubj
doubl truncat:xcomp
truncat doubl:amod
decim place:amod
place doubl:nmod
synonym place:dep
floor synonym:nmod
doubl valu:nmod
decim place:amod
place number:nmod
valu doubl:nsubj
doubl truncat:xcomp
truncat doubl:amod
decim place:amod
place doubl:nmod
synonym place:dep
floor synonym:nmod
valu doubl:nsubj
doubl truncat:xcomp
truncat doubl:amod
number doubl:nmod
decim place:amod
place number:nmod
charact uppercas:nsubj
uppercas determin:advcl
charact uppercas:nsubj
uppercas true:ccomp
charact lowercas:nsubj
lowercas determin:advcl
charact lowercas:nsubj
lowercas true:ccomp
charact letter:nsubj
letter determin:advcl
charact letter:nsubj
letter true:ccomp
charact digit:nsubj
digit determin:advcl
charact digit:nsubj
digit true:ccomp
charact letter:nsubj
letter determin:advcl
digit determin:advcl
digit letter:conj
charact letter:nsubj
letter true:ccomp
digit true:ccomp
digit letter:conj
whitespac charact:compound
charact determin:advcl
whitespac charact:compound
charact true:ccomp
charact convert:obj
uppercas convert:advcl
uppercas equival:amod
charact equival:nmod
charact equival:dep
charact convert:obj
lowercas convert:obl
lowercas equival:compound
charact equival:nmod
charact equival:dep
number transform:obj
integ transform:obl
number transform:obj
long transform:obl
number transform:obj
float transform:obl
number transform:obj
doubl transform:obl
number transform:obj
big decim transform:obl
number transform:obj
type support:nsubj
addit support:obl
default support:obl
big decim big integ:compound
big integ float:nsubj
doubl float:dep
float support:parataxis
instanc float:obj
type instanc:nmod
number transform:obj
big integ transform:obl
logic conjunct:amod
boolean oper:amod
oper conjunct:nmod
logic conjunct:amod
conjunct result:nmod
logic disjunct:amod
disjunct result:nsubj
boolean oper:amod
oper disjunct:nmod
logic disjunct:amod
disjunct result:obl
logic implic:amod
implic result:nsubj
boolean oper:amod
oper implic:nmod
logic implic:amod
implic result:obl
exclus disjunct:amod
disjunct result:nsubj
boolean oper:amod
oper disjunct:nmod
exclus disjunct:amod
disjunct result:obl
simpl syntax:amod
timer execut:nsubj
closur execut:obj
delay execut:obl
timer task:compound
schedul task:acl
byte travers:obl
byte array:compound
array byte:nmod
byte travers:obl
byte array:compound
array byte:nmod
iter return:nsubj
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
index return:obj
item index:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
index integ:acl
match object:amod
object index:nmod
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
start iter:dep
start index start:obl
return iter:dep
return start:conj
index return:obj
item index:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
index integ:acl
match object:amod
object index:nmod
iter return:nsubj
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
index return:obj
item index:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
index integ:acl
match object:amod
object index:nmod
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
start iter:dep
start index start:obl
return iter:dep
return start:conj
index return:obj
item index:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
index integ:acl
match object:amod
object index:nmod
iter return:nsubj
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
index valu:compound
valu return:obj
item valu:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
number list:nmod
index valu:compound
match object:amod
object valu:nmod
element iter:nmod
iter collect:amod
collect element:nmod
item collect:nmod
start iter:dep
start index start:obl
return iter:dep
return start:conj
index valu:compound
valu return:obj
item valu:nmod
match item:acl
condit match:obj
number list:nmod
index valu:compound
match object:amod
object valu:nmod
classload parent:compound
parent iter:obl
find iter:advcl
loader find:obj
class find:obl
class null:obl
direct comparison:amod
class load:nsubj
load fail:advcl
classload load:obl
class loader root loader:nmod
object convert:obj
type convert:obl
method overload:nsubj
oper overload:obl
result object:amod
conveni method:amod
creat method:acl
instanc creat:obj
class instanc:nmod
default constructor:compound
constructor call:dep
class instanc:nmod
construct helper:acl
instanc construct:obj
argument construct:obl
constructor call:nsubj
base number:case
number call:advcl
type call:advcl
type number:conj
arg array:compound
array number:nmod
instanc constructor:compound
null instanc:dep
instanc arg:dep
default instanc:dep
arg instanc:conj
arg constructor:compound
class instanc:nmod
meta class properti:compound
properti add:obj
class object:compound
object add:obl
foo println:dep
meta class instanc:compound
instanc println:dep
meta class obtain:obj
object meta class:nmod
registri obtain:obl
case obtain:obl
groovi object case:nmod
object groovi object:nmod
meta class obtain:obj
object meta class:nmod
registri obtain:obl
case obtain:obl
groovi object case:nmod
object groovi object:nmod
metaclass set:obj
class metaclass:nmod
metaclass set:obj
object set:obl
metaclass set:obj
groovi object set:obl
set updat:compound
metaclass updat:dep
class metaclass:nmod
closur class:nmod
metaclass valu:compound
set updat:compound
metaclass updat:dep
object metaclass:nmod
closur object:nmod
metaclass valu:compound
attempt creat:nsubj
iter creat:obj
object iter:nmod
collect convert:obl
array iter:nmod
attempt creat:nsubj
iter creat:obj
object iter:nmod
collect convert:obl
object iter:nmod
behav enumer:acl
iter behav:obl
method unsupport:nsubj
unsupport note:ccomp
theunder enumer:amod
enumer provid:nsubj
provid unsupport:advcl
mechan provid:obj
remov provid:advcl
item remov:obj
enumer iter:nmod
ident function:compound
function support:nsubj
iter function:nmod
duck support:obj
type duck:amod
object iter:nmod
iter collect:acl
object return:dep
satisfi return:dep
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
implement respond:nsubj
meta class implement:obj
respond satisfi:advcl
method respond:obl
argument type:compound
type method:nmod
method valu:nmod
return valu:compound
valu base:nsubj
base note:ccomp
realis method:amod
method base:obl
account object:compound
class object:conj
implement object:acl
invok method implement:obj
method implement:obj
method invok method:conj
method safe:nsubj
safe invok method:acl
return safe:advcl
valu return:obj
throw safe:advcl
throw return:conj
list return:obj
meta method list:nmod
match implement:xcomp
argument type:compound
type match:obj
empti type:acl
match method:compound
method exist:nsubj
exist empti:advcl
object return:dep
satisfi return:dep
groovi truth:amod
truth satisfi:obj
implement respond:nsubj
meta class implement:obj
respond satisfi:advcl
method respond:obl
method valu:nmod
return valu:compound
valu base:nsubj
base note:ccomp
realis method:amod
method base:obl
account object:compound
class object:conj
implement object:acl
invok method implement:obj
method implement:obj
method invok method:conj
method safe:nsubj
safe implement:dep
return safe:advcl
valu return:obj
throw safe:advcl
throw return:conj
list base:obj
meta method list:nmod
match meta method:acl
empti list:amod
list match:obj
match method:compound
method exist:nsubj
exist base:advcl
true return:dep
implement true:obl
method return:nsubj
return note:ccomp
true return:xcomp
realis properti:amod
properti return:obl
account implement:compound
properti implement:nmod
properti true:obl
properti implement:conj
meta properti properti:obj
null properti:obj
null meta properti:conj
exist null:acl
instanc wrap:nsubj
implement instanc:acl
suppli class:amod
trait class:compound
class implement:obj
return object:amod
object implement:nsubj
implement guarante:ccomp
trait interfac:nsubj
interfac implement:ccomp
origin type:amod
type lost:nsubj
object type:nmod
lost guarante:conj
replac lost:parataxis
proxi replac:obl
proxi interfac:nsubj
implement proxi:acl
trait implement:obj
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
element swap:dep
posit element:nmod
list modifi:obj
remov modifi:advcl
element remov:obj
posit remov:obl
list posit:nmod
remov element:amod
element return:dep
alia integ:nsubj
alia integ:nsubj
list int:compound
int alia:nmod
ambigu alia:nmod
list ambigu:nmod
posit element:nmod
collect modifi:obj
remov modifi:advcl
singl instanc:amod
instanc remov:obj
element instanc:nmod
collect element:nmod
present modifi:advcl
ambigu alia:nmod
collect ambigu:nmod
element remov:nsubj
remov true:ccomp
result remov:obl
call result:nmod
