static class:compound
helper class:compound
class act:nsubj
bytecod generat:compound
generat easier:nsubj
facad act:obl
invok facad:nmod
stack reorder:obj
call reorder:advcl
method call:obj
stack reorder:obj
call reorder:advcl
method call:obj
stack reorder:obj
call reorder:advcl
method call:obj
method pointer:compound
pointer return:dep
hand regex:compound
regex find:obj
left string:amod
hand string:compound
string find:obl
return find:conj
matcher return:obj
hand regex:compound
regex find:obj
left string:amod
hand string:compound
string find:obl
return find:conj
matcher return:obj
properti set:obj
object properti:nmod
object write:obj
writer write:obl
groovi represent:nmod
default represent:compound
object represent:nmod
object append:obj
groovi represent:nmod
default represent:compound
object represent:nmod
helper method:compound
format method:acl
argument type:compound
type format:obj
comma separ:obl
separ list:amod
list format:obl
string represent:compound
type represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:obj
map represent:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari map:nmod
string represent:compound
map represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:obj
map represent:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari map:nmod
string represent:compound
map represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:obj
list represent:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari list:nmod
string represent:compound
collect represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:obj
list represent:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari list:nmod
string represent:compound
collect represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:obj
list represent:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari list:nmod
string represent:compound
collect represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:xcomp
array represent:nmod
object array:nmod
brace object:acl
boundari brace:xcomp
string represent:compound
array represent:nmod
helper method:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent return:xcomp
array represent:nmod
object array:nmod
brace object:acl
boundari brace:xcomp
string represent:compound
array represent:nmod
method invok:obj
object method:nmod
object convert:obj
array convert:obl
cast wrap:csubj
wrap convert:parataxis
array wrap:obl
