implement memoiz:nsubj
closur memoiz:obl
closur class:compound
class method:compound
implement class:dep
memoiz famili:compound
famili implement:obl
place holder:compound
null valu:amod
valu holder:nmod
cach valu:nmod
closur creat:obj
deleg creat:dep
memoiz creat:dep
memoiz deleg:conj
return valu:compound
valu memoiz:obj
argument memoiz:obl
suppli cach:amod
memoiz valu:amod
valu store:obj
cach respons:nmod
put respons:acl
limit put:obj
cach size:compound
size put:obl
implement respons:acl
implement put:conj
cach strategi:compound
evict strategi:compound
strategi implement:obj
lru cach implement:nsubj
maximum constraint:amod
cach constraint:compound
size constraint:compound
constraint set:obj
lru strategi:compound
evict strategi:compound
strategi implement:obj
memoiz closur:amod
key creat:obj
memoiz cach:compound
key list:amod
hold list:acl
argument hold:obj
place holder:compound
cach valu:amod
null valu:amod
valu holder:nmod
garbag collector:compound
cach clean:obj
refer cach:nmod
memoiz valu:amod
valu evict:obj
