arbitrari node:amod
tree node:compound
node repres:dep
structur metadata:amod
arbitrari xml:amod
tree metadata:conj
option map:amod
attribut map:nmod
valu string:nsubj
list string:conj
list string:conj
node list:nmod
type extens:nsubj
extens string:advcl
provid extens:xcomp
flexibl structur:amod
structur provid:obj
namespac uri:nsubj
uri includ:xcomp
jmx object:compound
class repres:nsubj
metadata repres:obj
foo repres:obl
nest metadata:amod
metadata repres:obl
metadata foo:conj
foo metadata:nmod
text bar:dep
node creat:obj
parent creat:obl
shallow attribut:amod
clone attribut:amod
attribut creat:obl
valu node list:nsubj
node list clone:dep
deep clone:amod
clone creat:obl
node clone:nmod
node creat:obj
parent suppli:nsubj
suppli add:advcl
add creat:conj
creat node:amod
node add:obj
child node:nmod
parent child:nmod
node creat:obj
parent suppli:nsubj
suppli add:advcl
add creat:conj
creat node:amod
node add:obj
child node:nmod
parent child:nmod
node creat:obj
map attribut:appos
parent suppli:nsubj
suppli ad:advcl
creat node:amod
node ad:nsubj
child ad:obl
parent child:nmod
node creat:obj
map attribut:appos
parent suppli:nsubj
suppli ad:advcl
creat node:amod
node ad:nsubj
child ad:obl
parent child:nmod
child append:obj
current node:amod
node append:obl
child remov:obj
current node:amod
node child:nmod
param child:nsubj
child true:ccomp
current node:amod
node child:nmod
node creat:obj
child creat:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
creat node:amod
node creat:obj
child creat:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
creat node:amod
node creat:obj
child creat:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
creat node:amod
node creat:obj
child creat:obl
current node:amod
node child:nmod
creat node:amod
current node:amod
node replac:obj
node replac:obl
defin node:acl
builder notat:compound
style notat:compound
closur notat:nmod
replac origin:acl
node replac:obj
current node:amod
node replac:obj
suppli node:amod
node replac:obl
replac origin:acl
node replac:obj
sibl node:compound
node add:obj
defin node:acl
builder notat:compound
style notat:compound
closur notat:nmod
current node:amod
node add:obl
extens point:compound
subclass point:nmod
overrid subclass:acl
metaclass overrid:obj
default support:nsubj
properti support:obj
attribut notat:compound
notat support:obj
notat properti:conj
textual represent:amod
represent return:dep
current node:amod
node represent:nmod
child represent:nmod
child node:conj
node return:dep
text valu:compound
node valu:nmod
includ text:case
child text:compound
text node:nmod
iter return:dep
children iter:nmod
node children:nmod
node children:compound
children iter:nmod
list return:dep
node children:compound
children list:nmod
children node:dep
map return:dep
attribut map:nmod
node attribut:nmod
empti map:amod
map attribut:nmod
map node:conj
node attribut:nmod
attribut lookup:nmod
match attribut:acl
key match:obj
null match:obj
null key:conj
match exist:nsubj
exist match:advcl
object return:dep
repres return:acl
empti null:ccomp
object return:dep
repres return:acl
valu repres:obj
node valu:nmod
null valu:conj
valu empti:nsubj
empti null:ccomp
replac add:conj
valu add:obj
node valu:nmod
parent return:dep
node parent:nmod
null parent:conj
root node:compound
node parent:obl
replac add:conj
parent add:obj
node parent:nmod
element lookup:nmod
match node:acl
element lookup:nmod
node match:nsubj
element lookup:nmod
node match:nsubj
node collect:nmod
tree node:nmod
depth list:nmod
order depth:acl
node order:obj
node collect:nmod
tree node:nmod
breadth travers:compound
breadth list:nmod
order breadth:acl
node order:obj
list return:dep
direct node:amod
string node:compound
node list:nmod
string valu:compound
valu list:nmod
node valu:nmod
node write:obj
print writer write:obl
