visitor respons:nsubj
visitor transform:nsubj
amend respons:advcl
ast amend:obj
static metadata:compound
compil metadata:compound
metadata amend:obl
transform respons:conj
ast transform:obj
class compil:nsubj
method class:conj
method compil:nsubj
compil transform:advcl
error specif:nsubj
specif throw:xcomp
static compil:compound
compil specif:obl
consid compil:acl
error consid:obl
type pass:compound
check pass:compound
pass error:nmod
spread oper:compound
oper usag:nmod
compil portion:amod
code portion:nmod
static compil:amod
compil reli:nsubj
static type:amod
type reli:obl
check type:amod
explain type:acl
visitor extend:nsubj
extend explain:advcl
type visitor:compound
checker visitor:compound
visitor extend:obj
constructor static:advcl
compil static:dep
class happen:obl
happen static:conj
init code:compound
code ad:nsubj
object initi:compound
initi code:nmod
field code:nmod
field initi:conj
properti code:nmod
properti initi:conj
ad happen:ccomp
constructor code:compound
code ad:obl
backend assum:nsubj
static contructor:amod
contructor assum:obj
fail assum:advcl
encount fail:advcl
dynam code:amod
code encount:obj
kind fail:nsubj
code kind:nmod
special accessor:amod
accessor add:obj
privat constant:amod
constant add:obl
class retriev:nsubj
retriev add:advcl
bridg method:compound
method add:obj
privat method:amod
outer class:compound
class method:nmod
outer class:amod
class capabl:nsubj
call capabl:advcl
access job:nmod
java method:nmod
