base class:compound
compon class:nmod
provid compon:acl
persist oper:compound
oper provid:obj
manag instanc:amod
entiti instanc:compound
instanc provid:obl
class reus:nsubj
class bound:nsubj
configur reus:obl
extens reus:obl
extens configur:conj
bound reus:conj
view bound:obl
access reus:conj
access bound:conj
intermedi compon:amod
seam compon:compound
compon access:obl
log add:conj
messag log:obj
entiti instanc:compound
instanc updat:nsubj
updat log:advcl
util method:compound
method manag:nsubj
add method:acl
seam add:obl
resourc bundl:compound
bundl manag:xcomp
resourc bundl:compound
log manag:xcomp
log bundl:conj
entiti log:obj
manag entiti:amod
entiti updat:nsubj
updat log:advcl
log add:conj
messag log:obj
entiti instanc:compound
instanc delet:nsubj
delet log:advcl
util method:compound
method manag:nsubj
add method:acl
seam add:obl
resourc bundl:compound
bundl manag:xcomp
resourc bundl:compound
log manag:xcomp
log bundl:conj
entiti log:obj
manag entiti:amod
entiti delet:nsubj
delet log:advcl
log add:conj
messag log:obj
entiti instanc:compound
instanc creat:nsubj
creat log:advcl
util method:compound
method manag:nsubj
add method:acl
seam add:obl
resourc bundl:compound
bundl manag:xcomp
resourc bundl:compound
log manag:xcomp
log bundl:conj
entiti log:obj
manag entiti:amod
entiti updat:nsubj
updat log:advcl
home instanti:compound
instanti run:obl
check run:xcomp
home compon:compound
compon state:nsubj
valid state:amod
state check:ccomp
entiti class:nmod
manag entiti:acl
manag entiti:amod
persist context:compound
context load:obl
creat entiti:dep
instanc creat:obj
defin creat:advcl
manag entiti:amod
entiti clear:obj
load creat:nsubj
instanc load:dep
defin creat:dep
instanc method:compound
util method:compound
method creat:obj
call method:acl
load call:xcomp
instanc load:obj
persist context:compound
context load:obl
defin load:advcl
instanc creat:nsubj
hook method:compound
call method:acl
current transact:amod
transact join:obj
hook method:compound
call method:acl
entiti load:obj
persist context:compound
context load:obl
util method:compound
method call:nsubj
framework call:obl
persist context:compound
instanc creat:obj
entiti instanc:nmod
util method:compound
call method:acl
creat call:xcomp
instanc creat:obj
entiti instanc:nmod
entiti class:nmod
manag entiti:acl
generic type:amod
implement type:nmod
class set:obj
entiti class:nmod
manag entiti:acl
configur eful:advcl
home compon:compound
compon configur:obj
manag object:acl
set chang:dep
entiti chang:dep
manag chang:parataxis
manag entiti:acl
instanc alter:obj
manag object:amod
true return:amod
manag true:ccomp
set chang:dep
entiti chang:dep
manag chang:parataxis
load execut:xcomp
instanc load:obj
home compon:compound
compon configur:obj
load execut:xcomp
instanc load:obj
home compon:compound
compon configur:obj
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti creat:nsubj
creat display:advcl
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti creat:nsubj
creat display:advcl
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti delet:nsubj
delet display:advcl
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti delet:nsubj
delet display:advcl
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti updat:nsubj
updat display:advcl
messag display:nsubj
user display:obl
manag entiti:amod
entiti updat:nsubj
updat display:advcl
prefix manag:nsubj
key prefix:nmod
seam messag:nmod
resourc bundl:compound
bundl manag:obj
suffix class:acl
underscor suffix:obl
key manag:nsubj
resourc bundl:nsubj
bundl manag:ccomp
messag display:nsubj
display bundl:ccomp
manag entiti:amod
entiti creat:nsubj
creat display:advcl
creat suffix:advcl
key manag:nsubj
resourc bundl:nsubj
bundl manag:ccomp
messag display:nsubj
display bundl:ccomp
manag entiti:amod
entiti updat:nsubj
updat display:advcl
updat suffix:obl
key manag:nsubj
resourc bundl:nsubj
bundl manag:ccomp
messag display:nsubj
display bundl:ccomp
manag entiti:amod
entiti delet:nsubj
delet display:advcl
delet suffix:advcl
event rais:obj
crud oper:compound
oper succeed:nsubj
succeed rais:advcl
util method:compound
method rais:nsubj
event rais:obj
event rais:nsubj
event rais:obl
manag entiti:amod
hook method:compound
manag entiti:amod
