concern provid:nsubj
project concern:nmod
runtim valu:compound
valu provid:obj
base model:case
model provid:advcl
valu remain:nsubj
model valu:nmod
untouch notion:amod
process untouch:obl
build process:acl
project build:obj
notion ad:nsubj
inherit notion:nmod
interpol notion:nmod
interpol inherit:conj
ad remain:ccomp
model preserv:obj
marshal preserv:advcl
unmarshal preserv:advcl
unmarshal marshal:conj
taint marshal:advcl
runtim requir:compound
requir taint:obl
maven project closer:nsubj
immut closer:advcl
construct immut:obl
remov construct:nmod
compon remov:nmod
class compon:nmod
upfront construct:amod
construct immut:obl
lifecycl run:obj
find run:advcl
compil find:ccomp
sourc root:compound
root directori:compound
resourc root:conj
resourc directori:compound
directori compil:obj
maven releas:compound
project return:dep
declar parent:amod
set project:compound
file project:dep
chang project:dep
project chang:iobj
basedir project:dep
content popul:nsubj
depend run:dep
phase run:nsubj
run includ:advcl
depend includ:nsubj
scope depend:nmod
includ popul:parataxis
compil run:csubj
phase compil:obj
run includ:advcl
depend includ:nsubj
scope test:compound
test depend:nmod
profil identifi:nmod
contribut profil:acl
project model:nmod
effect model:amod
model contribut:obl
activ profil:amod
profil includ:obj
project pom:nmod
pom includ:obl
parent pom:compound
pom includ:conj
extern sourc:amod
sourc pom:obl
profil identifi:compound
identifi group:nsubj
identifi group:obl
sourc identifi:nmod
pom profil:compound
profil group:ccomp
extern group:ccomp
extern profil:conj
profil extern:nmod
replac add:conj
artifact add:obj
method deprec:nsubj
artifact attach:obj
project attach:obl
throw declar:compound
declar thrown:obl
api declar:nmod
method thrown:nsubj
maven thrown:obl
addit log:obj
file replac:obj
artifact file:nmod
plugin chang:nsubj
shade plugin:dep
chang replac:advcl
pathnam chang:obj
file pathnam:nmod
set file:nmod
coordin set:nmod
direct depend:amod
default string:compound
valu set:obj
context valu:compound
project valu:nmod
identifi project:acl
key identifi:obl
suppli valu:amod
valu null:nsubj
null remov:advcl
context valu:compound
valu remov:nsubj
project remov:obl
context valu:compound
valu intend:nsubj
core extens:compound
deriv state:amod
state associ:obj
project instanc:compound
instanc state:nmod
context valu:compound
valu return:dep
project valu:nmod
null key:conj
project realm:nmod
class realm:compound
realm set:obj
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
project realm:nmod
class realm:compound
class host:compound
realm host:compound
build extens:compound
extens host:dep
project extens:nmod
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
artifact filter:compound
filter set:obj
share artifact:amod
extens artifact:compound
artifact exclud:obj
plugin realm:amod
realm exclud:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
depend filter:compound
share artifact:amod
extens artifact:compound
artifact exclud:obj
plugin realm:amod
realm exclud:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
transit artifact:amod
depend artifact:compound
artifact set:obj
resolv artifact:acl
collect artifact:acl
project collect:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
scope filter:compound
filter set:obj
select set:advcl
artifact select:obj
expos artifact:acl
execut mojo:amod
mojo expos:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
intern method:amod
util method:compound
method warn:dep
public method:acl
technic reason:amod
reason public:obl
part warn:dep
public api:amod
api part:nmod
method chang:nsubj
method delet:nsubj
delet chang:conj
prior notic:amod
notic chang:obl
project request:compound
build request:amod
project instanc:compound
instanc creat:nsubj
creat request:acl
util method:compound
method warn:dep
meant method:acl
assist meant:xcomp
integr assist:obj
maven integr:nmod
maven plugin:compound
project request:compound
build request:amod
request set:obj
project instanc:compound
instanc creat:nsubj
creat request:acl
util method:compound
method warn:dep
meant method:acl
assist meant:xcomp
integr assist:obj
maven integr:nmod
maven plugin:compound
