maven execut:compound
session execut:dep
project sort:nsubj
compon sort:obl
pass compon:acl
session pass:obl
constrain set:amod
project set:nmod
project set:dep
command line:compound
line project:nmod
full set:amod
project set:nmod
potenti constrain:amod
constrain set:obl
project set:obl
case eful:obl
smaller set:amod
set build:obj
project set:nmod
perform build:conj
oper perform:obj
context perform:obl
reactor context:nmod
user properti:compound
interpol activ:compound
profil interpol:conj
profil activ:compound
user properti:compound
properti configur:nsubj
user configur:obl
discret user:nmod
dkey valu:compound
valu paramet:compound
paramet user:nmod
command line:compound
line paramet:nmod
system properti:compound
interpol activ:compound
profil interpol:conj
profil activ:compound
system properti:compound
properti collect:nsubj
runtim environ:compound
environ collect:obl
environ variabl:compound
variabl collect:obl
provision method:amod
remov method:conj
provision method:amod
remov method:conj
