derbi enhanc:obj
ad enhanc:advcl
grant ad:obj
revok enhanc:conj
support revok:obj
grant revok:compound
revok provid:nsubj
finner level:compound
level provid:obj
privileg level:nmod
network configur:compound
simpl scheme:amod
permiss scheme:compound
suitabl scheme:acl
embed system:amod
databas system:compound
system suitabl:obl
embed derbi:amod
derbi user:nmod
applic talk:obl
emb applic:acl
derbi emb:obj
derbi left:nsubj
access control:compound
control work:compound
applic left:obl
derbi access:compound
limit access:compound
access scheme:appos
databas basi:compound
system databas:conj
system basi:compound
basi access:nmod
user grant:nsubj
full grant:xcomp
read grant:ccomp
access grant:dep
general purpos:amod
purpos server:compound
sql server:compound
server suitabl:obl
user issu:nsubj
divers applic:amod
applic user:conj
applic issu:nsubj
sql command:compound
command issu:obj
databas issu:obl
derbi provid:nsubj
precis mechan:amod
mechan provid:obj
limit provid:advcl
enhanc propos:xcomp
derbi enhanc:obj
implement enhanc:advcl
subset implement:obj
grant subset:nmod
revok enhanc:conj
capabl revok:obj
sql standard:compound
work envis:obj
involv work:acl
task involv:obj
specif develop:obj
derbi add:obl
high level:amod
level scheme:compound
implement scheme:compound
scheme provid:obj
stage plan:amod
develop plan:compound
plan ad:nsubj
support plan:nmod
ddl support:nmod
ad pursu:ccomp
derbi ad:obl
support add:obj
runtim check:compound
check add:obl
privileg check:nmod
address migrat:compound
upgrad migrat:conj
upgrad migrat:conj
issu upgrad:obj
previous releas:amod
releas upgrad:obl
scheme upgrad:obl
newer databas:amod
databas upgrad:obl
larg task:amod
interest peopl:amod
peopl invit:obj
work invit:advcl
larg enhanc:amod
import larg:conj
import enhanc:amod
enhanc work:obl
derbi enhanc:nmod
