java version:compound
version java:compound
class version:compound
version class:compound
generat version:obj
groovi class:amod
class version:nmod
version class:nmod
object load:nmod
load object:nmod
closur load:conj
load closur:conj
load closur:parataxis
top level:amod
level owner:compound
owner level:compound
load owner:obj
byte code:compound
code byte:compound
generat code:obj
generat constant:obl
primit valu:amod
boolean valu:amod
return valu:obj
boolean express valu:nmod
valu boolean express:nmod
instanc field:compound
field instanc:compound
field rhs:dep
rhs field:dep
bytecod helper code:nmod
code bytecod helper:nmod
bare express:amod
unqualifi express:amod
variabl express:amod
express visit:dep
visit express:dep
load object:compound
object load:compound
class object:compound
object class:compound
stack object:obl
object stack:obl
ignor note:appos
annot generat:compound
generat annot:compound
current visitor:amod
attribut annot:nsubj
attribut generat:ccomp
generat attribut:ccomp
