expand bean:amod
bean repres:dep
repres bean:dep
closur method:compound
method closur:compound
field method:compound
method field:compound
overridden method:obl
attach method:acl
expando object:compound
object expando:compound
attach object:obl
overridden equal:xcomp
equal overridden:xcomp
closur method:compound
method closur:compound
field method:compound
method field:compound
overridden method:obl
attach method:acl
expando object:compound
object expando:compound
attach object:obl
closur method:compound
method closur:compound
field method:compound
method field:compound
overridden method:obl
attach method:acl
expando object:compound
object expando:compound
attach object:obl
factori method:compound
method factori:compound
creat method:acl
creat map:obj
expando map:compound
map expando:compound
properti map:compound
map properti:compound
store map:obj
