static class:compound
class static:compound
helper class:compound
class helper:compound
bytecod generat:compound
generat bytecod:compound
easier generat:nsubj
act class:acl
act facad:obl
invok class:nmod
class invok:nmod
reorder stack:obj
call reorder:advcl
reorder call:advcl
call method:obj
reorder stack:obj
call reorder:advcl
reorder call:advcl
call method:obj
reorder stack:obj
call reorder:advcl
reorder call:advcl
call method:obj
method return:dep
return method:dep
pointer return:parataxis
return pointer:parataxis
hand regex:compound
regex hand:compound
find regex:obj
left string:amod
hand string:compound
string hand:compound
find string:obl
return find:conj
find return:conj
return matcher:obj
hand regex:compound
regex hand:compound
find regex:obj
left string:amod
hand string:compound
string hand:compound
find string:obl
return find:conj
find return:conj
return matcher:obj
set properti:obj
object properti:nmod
properti object:nmod
write object:obj
write writer:obl
groovi represent:nmod
represent groovi:nmod
default represent:compound
represent default:compound
object represent:nmod
represent object:nmod
append object:obj
groovi represent:nmod
represent groovi:nmod
default represent:compound
represent default:compound
object represent:nmod
represent object:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
format method:acl
argument type:compound
type argument:compound
format type:obj
separ comma:obl
separ list:amod
format list:obl
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:obj
map represent:nmod
represent map:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari bracket:compound
boundari map:nmod
map boundari:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:obj
map represent:nmod
represent map:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari bracket:compound
boundari map:nmod
map boundari:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:obj
list represent:nmod
represent list:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari bracket:compound
boundari list:nmod
list boundari:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:obj
list represent:nmod
represent list:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari bracket:compound
boundari list:nmod
list boundari:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:obj
list represent:nmod
represent list:nmod
bracket boundari:compound
boundari bracket:compound
boundari list:nmod
list boundari:nmod
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:xcomp
array represent:nmod
represent array:nmod
object array:nmod
array object:nmod
brace object:acl
brace boundari:xcomp
helper method:compound
method helper:compound
return method:acl
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
return represent:xcomp
array represent:nmod
represent array:nmod
object array:nmod
array object:nmod
brace object:acl
brace boundari:xcomp
invok method:obj
object method:nmod
method object:nmod
convert object:obj
convert array:obl
cast wrap:csubj
wrap cast:csubj
wrap convert:parataxis
convert wrap:parataxis
wrap array:obl
