helper class:compound
class helper:compound
process class:acl
groovi liter:amod
numer liter:amod
process liter:obj
true return:dep
charact digit:nsubj
digit charact:nsubj
base digit:compound
digit base:compound
true digit:ccomp
true return:dep
specif charact:amod
charact digit:nsubj
digit charact:nsubj
base digit:compound
digit base:compound
true digit:ccomp
true return:dep
charact digit:nsubj
digit charact:nsubj
base digit:compound
digit base:compound
true digit:ccomp
true return:dep
charact specifi:nsubj
specifi charact:nsubj
valid specifi:amod
type specifi:compound
specifi type:compound
true specifi:ccomp
numer valu:amod
valu specifi:nmod
specifi valu:nmod
build number:obj
integ descriptor:compound
descriptor integ:compound
descriptor number:nmod
number descriptor:nmod
narrowest type:amod
creat type:obj
specif type:amod
creat type:xcomp
type specifi:compound
specifi type:compound
specifi suffix:compound
suffix specifi:compound
request suffix:obl
invalid number:amod
number suffix:dep
suffix number:dep
build number:obj
decim descriptor:amod
descriptor number:nmod
number descriptor:nmod
doubl request:csubj
request doubl:csubj
float doubl:conj
doubl float:conj
float request:csubj
request float:csubj
type specifi:compound
specifi type:compound
specifi suffix:compound
suffix specifi:compound
request suffix:obl
invalid number:amod
number suffix:dep
suffix number:dep
