defin class:nsubj
defin java:obj
specif groovi:advmod
groovi specif:advmod
groovi method:amod
method java:dep
java method:dep
extend java:acl
normal class:amod
jdk class:compound
class jdk:compound
extend class:obj
groovi environ:amod
environ class:nmod
class environ:nmod
static method:amod
destin class:compound
class destin:compound
class paramet:dep
paramet class:dep
call method:nsubj
call oper:obl
enum oper:nmod
oper enum:nmod
groovi default:nmod
default groovi:nmod
invok default:obj
enum behaviour:nmod
behaviour enum:nmod
call method:nsubj
call oper:obl
enum oper:nmod
oper enum:nmod
groovi behaviour:nmod
behaviour groovi:nmod
default behaviour:compound
behaviour default:compound
previous behaviour:amod
invok behaviour:obj
enum behaviour:nmod
behaviour enum:nmod
previous method:amod
standard method:amod
groovi method:amod
size method:compound
method size:compound
string builder method:dep
method string builder:dep
left oper:amod
shift oper:compound
oper shift:compound
provid oper:nsubj
provid overload:acl
append provid:advcl
provid append:advcl
multipl object:amod
append object:obj
string represent:compound
represent string:compound
append represent:obl
append string builder:obl
rang oper:compound
oper rang:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper subscript:compound
oper support:dep
support oper:dep
string builder oper:nmod
oper string builder:nmod
index valu:compound
valu index:compound
treat valu:nsubj
treat charact:obl
builder charact:nmod
charact builder:nmod
rang oper:compound
oper rang:compound
subscript oper:compound
oper subscript:compound
oper support:dep
support oper:dep
string builder oper:nmod
oper string builder:nmod
append string:obj
append string builder:obl
