util method:compound
method util:compound
method collect:nmod
collect method:nmod
deal trait:obl
true return:dep
class node:compound
node class:compound
node trait:nsubj
trait node:nsubj
true trait:ccomp
true return:dep
class trait:nsubj
trait class:nsubj
true trait:ccomp
true return:dep
class node:compound
node class:compound
annot node:nsubj
annot true:ccomp
true annot:ccomp
annot trait:obl
interfac trait:dep
trait interfac:dep
trait interfac:compound
interfac trait:compound
interfac method:nmod
method interfac:nmod
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
trait interfac:compound
interfac trait:compound
interfac method:nmod
method interfac:nmod
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
reflect api:compound
api reflect:compound
bridg method:compound
method bridg:compound
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
implement method:nmod
method implement:nmod
trait implement:nmod
implement trait:nmod
reflect api:compound
api reflect:compound
find api:acl
find method:obj
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
trait implement:nmod
implement trait:nmod
bridg method:compound
method bridg:compound
convert class:obj
implement class:acl
implement trait:obj
target class:compound
class target:compound
implement class:obl
trait proxi:nsubj
proxi trait:nsubj
dynam proxi:amod
return proxi:advcl
target class:compound
class target:compound
assign class:nsubj
assign return:advcl
return assign:advcl
target object:compound
object target:compound
assign object:obl
proxi object:nmod
object proxi:nmod
target object:compound
object target:compound
return object:nsubj
return object:nsubj
fall class:advcl
super prefix:amod
trait prefix:compound
prefix trait:compound
specif prefix:amod
prefix method:nmod
method prefix:nmod
correspond null:advcl
null correspond:advcl
super call:amod
trait call:compound
call trait:compound
method call:compound
call method:compound
correspond call:obl
null result:nsubj
collect interfac:csubj
interfac collect:csubj
interfac collect:ccomp
collect interfac:ccomp
class node:compound
node class:compound
interfac node:obl
revers collect:ccomp
collect revers:ccomp
revers interfac:conj
interfac revers:conj
revers order:obj
declar order:nmod
order declar:nmod
direct declar:nmod
class node:compound
node class:compound
interfac node:obl
implement trait:acl
align behavior:obj
align categori:obl
collect type:obj
extend type:nsubj
implement type:nsubj
extend type:acl
implement type:acl
implement extend:conj
extend implement:conj
trait implement:nsubj
implement trait:nsubj
collect implement:advcl
collect interfac:csubj
interfac collect:csubj
collect superclass:csubj
superclass collect:csubj
superclass interfac:conj
interfac superclass:conj
collect type:obj
extend type:nsubj
implement type:nsubj
extend type:acl
implement type:acl
implement extend:conj
extend implement:conj
trait implement:nsubj
implement trait:nsubj
collect implement:advcl
intern annot:amod
trait interfac:compound
interfac trait:compound
interfac method:nmod
method interfac:nmod
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
intern annot:amod
bridg method:compound
method bridg:compound
trait default:compound
default trait:compound
default implement:compound
implement default:compound
implement method:nmod
method implement:nmod
