page status:compound
status public:obl
page manag:nsubj
extent page:dep
manag calcul:ccomp
availspac number:compound
number manag:obl
byte number:nmod
store byte:acl
extent store:obj
chang calcul:parataxis
alloc polici:ccomp
page alloc:obj
call polici:amod
log record:compound
record derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi call:obl
error polici:compound
dealloc pagenum:compound
logic pagenum:amod
page pagenum:compound
call pagenum:parataxis
log record:compound
record call:obl
pagenum page:nsubj
manag page:acl
extent manag:obl
valid page:conj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi valid:dep
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
free page:amod
page compress:obj
prepar search:conj
data structur:compound
structur prepar:obj
return prepar:advcl
page return:obj
lowest page:amod
page return:dep
bit return:dep
page bit:nmod
page return:nsubj
follow page:acl
compress oper:compound
space compress:obj
oper undo:obj
oper undo:obl
oper undo:obj
data structur:compound
point guarante:obl
transact point:nmod
compress rang:compound
space fix:compound
oper fix:compound
fix compress:obj
bit map:nsubj
map compress:advcl
point map:xcomp
page point:obl
rang undo:nmod
log greater:advcl
compress oper:compound
space compress:obj
oper log:obj
page greater:dep
point possibl:nmod
truncat happen:nsubj
happen greater:parataxis
page number:compound
free number:acl
offset physic:acl
pagenum offset:obl
dealloc true:nsubj
pagenum dealloc:nsubj
dealloc true:advcl
dealloc fals:nsubj
fals thrown:advcl
pagenum dealloc:nsubj
dealloc thrown:advcl
pagenum polici:nsubj
free page:amod
page polici:compound
standard polici:compound
standard polici:compound
derbi polici:compound
error polici:compound
polici thrown:advcl
status return:obj
extent status:nmod
status return:obj
page status:nmod
logic number:amod
page number:compound
manag number:acl
extent manag:obl
logic number:amod
page number:compound
manag number:acl
extent manag:obl
bit posit:compound
posit translat:obj
map translat:obl
page number:compound
number translat:obl
page number:compound
bit number:nmod
extent map:compound
map bit:nmod
prealloc pagenumb:amod
manag pagenumb:acl
alloc page:compound
page manag:obl
page prealloc:obj
pass prealloc:dep
prealloc number:amod
page number:compound
number pass:obl
page number:compound
unfil number:acl
pagenum page:nsubj
reject page:acl
page number:nmod
extent page:nmod
unfil page:amod
page number:nmod
extent page:nmod
total number:amod
page number:nmod
extent page:nmod
