class implement:nsubj
static implement:obj
compil static:acl
inform compil:obj
relev inform:amod
btree index:compound
secondari index:amod
index compil:obl
interest inform:amod
inform conglomer:nsubj
store inform:acl
index conglomer:nmod
base tabl:compound
tabl conglomer:nmod
conglomer tabl:nmod
class field:obl
conglomer data:compound
structur data:dep
index structur:nmod
conglomer data:compound
structur data:dep
base tabl:compound
tabl structur:nmod
index tabl:nmod
class constructor:nmod
empti constructor:amod
arg constructor:compound
creat monitor:acl
object creat:obj
read creat:advcl
class build:obj
scratch build:obl
btree conglomer:compound
conglomer compil:obl
protect method:amod
method privat:dep
class method:nmod
public method:amod
class method:nmod
public method:amod
static compil open conglom info interfac:compound
interfac method:nmod
conglomer return:obj
secondaryindex compil:obl
info compil:obj
return compil:parataxis
secondari conglomer:amod
index conglomer:compound
conglomer return:obj
secondari index:amod
index object:compound
conglomer object:compound
public method:amod
storabl interfac:compound
interfac method:nmod
static compil open conglom info interfac:nmod
class respons:nsubj
respons method:parataxis
store respons:advcl
state store:obj
valu null:nsubj
null return:ccomp
null determin:obj
subclass expect:nsubj
overrid expect:xcomp
method overrid:obj
memori represent:compound
represent restor:obj
null valu:amod
valu restor:obl
null determin:obj
subclass expect:nsubj
overrid expect:xcomp
method overrid:obj
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
memori represent:compound
represent restor:obj
stream restor:obl
thrown class:acl
store represent:amod
represent serial:nsubj
serial thrown:advcl
read object thrown:obl
store represent:amod
represent store:dep
column valu:compound
valu represent:nmod
stream valu:nmod
store easier:xcomp
properti store:obj
write object thrown:obl
