implememt handl:appos
raw handl implememt:appos
class derbi observ:nsubj
observ derbi observ:advcl
raw transact observ:obj
handl derbi observ:acl
list handl:obj
page list:nmod
access page:acl
handl access:obj
class implement:compound
implement lockabl:obl
handl defin:xcomp
immut ident:amod
thread awar:compound
awar ident:dep
handl activ:nsubj
valid true:nsubj
activ valid:acl
lock polici:compound
polici open:nsubj
valid true:nsubj
activ valid:acl
valid true:nsubj
activ valid:acl
mode open:nsubj
conaint mode:dep
object creat:obj
handl creat:ccomp
add return:dep
page add:obj
page return:nsubj
observ return:ccomp
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
releas space:compound
free space:amod
free space:amod
space releas:dep
oper system:compound
system space:nmod
free page:amod
page releas:obj
locat page:acl
truncat interfac:compound
interfac locat:obl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
reusabl number:amod
record number:compound
sequenc number:compound
sequenc number:compound
number standard:compound
standard version:dep
derbi polici:compound
error polici:compound
polici version:dep
page add:dep
page return:nsubj
observ return:ccomp
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
prealloc num page:compound
page remov:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi remov:xcomp
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
page type:compound
type check:dep
status check:dep
status type:conj
caller prepar:nsubj
handl prepar:xcomp
freed handl:obj
dealloc freed:acl
alloc page:compound
page handl:obj
page freed:conj
call page:acl
recoveri call:obl
derbi standard:compound
error polici:dep
polici standard:amod
load tran:compound
tran recreat:obl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
record handl:nsubj
handl return:ccomp
initi handl:ccomp
page number:compound
record number:conj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
polici derbi:dep
page number:compound
number page number:dep
record handl number:nmod
method return:nsubj
fals return:xcomp
refer discard:nsubj
true drop:amod
return drop:ccomp
fals return:xcomp
drop return:advcl
wait lock wait:nsubj
true wait lock:amod
lock wait:obl
lock wait:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
raw transact return:obj
open raw transact:acl
lock polici:compound
polici return:obj
transact default:nmod
lock default:acl
polici lock:obj
updat open:obl
thread safe:obl
open mode:acl
loggabl action:amod
log record:compound
log stream:compound
dirti clean:conj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
backup path locat:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
