class field:obl
posit object:compound
version number:compound
leaf page:compound
page number:nmod
posit save:nsubj
save page:acl
key save:obl
reposit perform:csubj
perform decid:advcl
cach templat:amod
save templat:acl
posit save:obj
key save:obl
cach fetch:csubj
descriptor fetch:obj
key column:amod
column fetch:obj
fetch column:acl
scan fetch:obl
fetch descriptor:compound
full key:amod
key save:obl
class constructor:nmod
protect method:amod
method privat:dep
class method:nmod
public method:amod
class method:nmod
posit save:obj
key save:obl
releas save:conj
latch leaf:compound
current latch:obl
leaf releas:obj
posit key:compound
key copi:nsubj
valu cach:nsubj
call return:nsubj
method call:nmod
object method:nmod
return cach:parataxis
object return:obj
posit key:compound
key copi:nsubj
copi array:acl
templat array:compound
array copi:obj
fetch descriptor:compound
column fetch:obj
partial key:amod
key column:nmod
fetch descriptor:compound
descriptor creat:nsubj
call creat:obl
method creat:obl
return descriptor:amod
descriptor cach:nsubj
subsequ call:amod
call return:nsubj
return cach:conj
descriptor return:obj
method argument:nmod
array full length:nsubj
partial key:amod
key column:dep
valid column:amod
array valu:nmod
full length vcol:acl
length full length:obj
full key:amod
key length:nmod
creat full length:advcl
fetch descriptor:compound
descriptor creat:obj
greater creat:parataxis
fetch descriptor:compound
descriptor creat:obj
method public:ccomp
xxxx class:compound
class public:obl
