reader capabl:nsubj
capabl creat:xcomp
detect capabl:advcl
sourc detect:obl
class awar:nsubj
stream modifi:nsubj
stream reiniti:nsubj
modifi awar:ccomp
reiniti awar:ccomp
reiniti modifi:conj
detect awar:advcl
chang detect:obj
stream chang:nmod
cach invalid:obj
reflect invalid:advcl
class task:nmod
reposit handl:nsubj
class handl:obl
access reader:dep
clob data:compound
data access:obj
charact posit:compound
reader posit:nmod
base reader:amod
updat count:compound
clob object:compound
object read:nsubj
clob final:nsubj
final chang:advcl
intern represent:amod
represent chang:nsubj
content represent:nmod
chang note:ccomp
clob refer:nmod
intern represent:amod
represent hold:nmod
current represent:amod
intern represent:amod
clob content:compound
content represent:nmod
user start:nsubj
user modifi:nsubj
start chang:advcl
clob start:obl
modifi start:conj
modifi chang:advcl
intern represent:amod
represent chang:nsubj
clob posit:nmod
stop posit:dep
read stop:xcomp
eof reach:nsubj
reach read:advcl
reader close:nsubj
updat reader:amod
reader creat:obj
configur reader:acl
configur reader:acl
initi posit:amod
posit configur:obl
set posit:acl
charact set:obl
clob charact:nmod
impos limit:amod
length limit:compound
limit configur:obl
clob data:compound
sourc data:compound
updat reader:amod
reader creat:obj
configur reader:acl
configur reader:acl
initi posit:amod
posit configur:obl
impos limit:amod
length limit:compound
limit configur:obl
clob data:compound
sourc data:compound
data initi pos:nsubj
charact initi pos:obj
read charact:acl
length read:obj
maximum number:amod
number length:dep
charact number:nmod
read length:acl
reader close:obj
skip thrown:conj
method call:nsubj
call skip:ccomp
reader close:nsubj
close call:advcl
reader updat:obj
data modifi:nsubj
modifi updat:advcl
deal case:acl
data modifi:nsubj
intern represent:amod
clob represent:compound
represent data:nmod
intern represent:amod
clob represent:compound
represent chang:nsubj
read modifi:nsubj
clob read:dep
repres read:acl
stream repres:obl
store repres:obl
user modifi:obl
temporari represent:amod
intern represent:amod
represent creat:nsubj
