repres class:dep
derbi version:compound
version repres:obj
shard calendar:compound
static calendar:compound
releas date:compound
date format:obj
erform class:compound
critic class:amod
version releas:nsubj
derbi string:compound
version string:compound
instanc string:obl
derbi object:compound
version object:compound
object creat:obj
remot version:amod
object fetch:nsubj
jira fetch:obl
derbi string:compound
version string:compound
string return:dep
version string:compound
instanc string:obl
return quot:nsubj
derbi string:compound
version string:compound
string return:dep
version string:compound
string quot:obl
instanc string:nmod
releas date:compound
date return:dep
millisecond date:nmod
epoch millisecond:nmod
releas date:compound
millisecond date:nmod
epoch millisecond:nmod
return format:nsubj
releas date:compound
date return:dep
string format:obl
releas date:compound
releas date:dep
version releas:nsubj
releas true:dep
fals true:amod
version fixpack:nmod
version candid:nsubj
releas candid:compound
upcom releas:amod
releas candid:nmod
true version:amod
fixpack compon:compound
compon equal:nsubj
version compon:nmod
equal version:dep
major version:amod
minor major:conj
minor version:amod
version equal:obl
instanc equal:obl
case instanc:dep
fals instanc:amod
version compar:obj
version compar:obl
base string:case
derbi string:compound
version string:compound
string version:nmod
releas date:compound
releas string:compound
releas consid:advcl
version greater:nsubj
version greater:obl
version smaller:nsubj
version smaller:obl
version ident:nsubj
