buffer reus:obj
string reus:obj
string buffer:conj
pars reus:advcl
drda packet:compound
packet pars:obj
byte array:compound
array store:nsubj
repres array:acl
string repres:obj
string request:nsubj
request convert:advcl
string object:compound
object request:obl
byte array:compound
array convert:nsubj
string convert:obl
string cach:nsubj
cach convert:conj
avoid cach:xcomp
unnecessari convers:amod
convers avoid:obj
repres buffer:acl
string repres:obj
current manag:amod
ccsid manag:compound
content modifi:nsubj
modifi true:dep
previous call:amod
call modifi:obl
set byte modifi:obl
generat string:amod
drda string instanc:compound
instanc creat:obj
hold ddm writer:acl
current sid manag:amod
sid manag hold:obj
intern buffer:amod
byte buffer:compound
buffer data:nmod
byte array:compound
array true:dep
offset array:acl
start posit:compound
posit offset:obj
byte size:compound
array size:compound
size offset:obl
byte read:nsubj
read size:acl
byte array:compound
array read:obl
intern buffer:amod
byte array:compound
array data:nmod
intern buffer:amod
byte buffer:compound
buffer modifi:obj
data equal:nsubj
equal clear:advcl
data equal:obl
cach valu:amod
valu clear:nsubj
byte offset:nsubj
offset src:ccomp
start offset:xcomp
offset start:dep
size number:compound
number offset:obj
byte number:nmod
content modifi:nsubj
drda string content:nmod
modifi check:ccomp
previous call:amod
call modifi:obl
set byte check:obl
content modifi:nsubj
modifi true:dep
intern array:amod
byte array:compound
array convert:obj
string convert:obl
string valu:compound
valu cach:nsubj
string valu:compound
length return:obj
byte return:obl
intern represent:amod
string represent:compound
represent byte:nmod
intern represent:amod
represent length:obl
intern array:amod
byte array:compound
array return:obj
return array:amod
array modifi:nsubj
valu modifi:nsubj
array valu:nmod
subsequ call:amod
call modifi:obl
intern buffer:amod
