clob object:compound
chang object:acl
clob freed:nsubj
empti object:amod
clob object:compound
object creat:obj
connect object:compound
object con:dep
emb clob object:compound
clob creat:obj
data valu:compound
valu descriptor:compound
descriptor clob:nmod
constructor call:nsubj
data valu:compound
valu descriptor:compound
descriptor provid:nsubj
string provid:obj
stream provid:obj
stream string:conj
sourc provid:obl
clob sourc:nmod
string data:compound
data dvd:dep
valu descriptor:compound
descriptor provid:nsubj
provid dvd:parataxis
clob con:compound
sourc con:compound
con provid:iobj
connect provid:obj
clob connect:nmod
return design:nsubj
number return:dep
charact number:nmod
clob valu:compound
valu charact:nmod
clob object:compound
object design:obl
clob length:nmod
number length:nmod
charact length:nmod
obtain fail:csubj
length obtain:obj
fail sql:dep
clob content:compound
charact stream:nmod
charact stream:compound
clob data:compound
access error:acl
clob access:obj
clob valu:compound
design valu:acl
clob object:compound
object design:obl
stream design:obl
cii byte:compound
byte stream:nmod
cii stream:compound
clob data:compound
valid valu:amod
stream valu:nmod
access error:acl
clob valu:compound
valu access:obj
charact posit:compound
posit determin:obj
clob object:compound
searchstr object:dep
clob object:compound
posit start:compound
clob object:compound
object search clob:obj
search search clob:advcl
start search:ccomp
posit start:obj
clob object:compound
posit sql:nsubj
access error:acl
clob valu:compound
valu access:obj
jdbc method:compound
spec jdbc:dep
jdbc method:compound
packag method:nmod
method jdbc:dep
configur work:obl
jdbc write:nsubj
java string:compound
string write:obj
clob valu:compound
valu write:obl
clob object:compound
object design:nsubj
design write:ccomp
posit pos:compound
pos design:obl
posit written:nsubj
start posit:acl
write start:xcomp
clob valu:compound
valu write:obl
clob object:compound
object repres:nsubj
repres start:ccomp
number repres:obj
charact number:nmod
jdbc write:nsubj
len charact:compound
charact write:obj
str charact:nmod
start write:advcl
charact start:obl
offset charact:acl
clob valu:compound
valu offset:obl
clob repres:nsubj
repres valu:dep
posit str:nsubj
start posit:acl
write start:xcomp
clob object:compound
object write:obl
string str:obj
written str:advcl
clob valu:compound
valu written:obl
clob design:nsubj
design written:ccomp
offset design:dep
str offset:obl
start offset:xcomp
read start:xcomp
charact read:obj
written read:advcl
number written:nsubj
charact number:nmod
number written:obj
charact number:nmod
written charact:acl
sql written:obj
write fail:csubj
string write:obj
fail written:advcl
jdbc retriev:nsubj
stream retriev:obj
cii charact:compound
charact write:obj
clob valu:compound
valu write:obl
clob object:compound
object repres:nsubj
repres write:ccomp
start pos:case
posit pos:compound
posit written:nsubj
start posit:acl
write start:xcomp
clob object:compound
object write:obl
stream write:obj
ascii encod:nsubj
encod stream:acl
charact encod:obj
sql written:obj
obtain fail:csubj
stream obtain:obj
fail written:advcl
jdbc retriev:nsubj
stream retriev:obj
stream write:obj
charact stream:nmod
clob valu:compound
valu write:obl
clob object:compound
object repres:nsubj
repres write:ccomp
start pos:case
posit pos:compound
posit written:nsubj
start posit:acl
write start:xcomp
clob object:compound
object write:obl
stream write:obj
unicod encod:nsubj
encod stream:acl
charact encod:obj
sql written:obj
obtain fail:csubj
stream obtain:obj
fail written:advcl
jdbc truncat:nsubj
truncat len:parataxis
clob valu:compound
valu truncat:obj
clob design:nsubj
design truncat:ccomp
len length:nmod
charact len:nsubj
length len:obj
charact len:obl
clob valu:compound
valu truncat:nsubj
truncat charact:acl
accept len:parataxis
sql accept:obj
truncat fail:csubj
clob valu:compound
valu truncat:obj
fail accept:advcl
clob free:obj
releas free:conj
resourc releas:obj
hold resourc:acl
object invalid:nsubj
free method:amod
method call:nsubj
call invalid:advcl
free call:nsubj
call treat:advcl
multipl time:amod
time call:obl
subsequ call:amod
call treat:nsubj
free call:acl
reader object:compound
object return:dep
partial valu:amod
clob valu:compound
start return:dep
charact start:obl
length charact:compound
charact pos:acl
length charact:nmod
charact offset:obl
partial valu:amod
valu charact:nmod
retriev offset:xcomp
charact posit:nsubj
clob charact:nmod
charact length:nmod
partial valu:amod
valu charact:nmod
retriev valu:acl
partial valu:amod
clob valu:compound
valu read:nsubj
read reader:acl
number greater:nsubj
charact number:nmod
charact number:nmod
clob charact:nmod
pos length:compound
length charact:nmod
writabl clone:amod
current clob:amod
clob clone:nmod
user call:nsubj
method call:obj
updat method:acl
content updat:obj
clob content:nmod
temporari clob:amod
clob creat:nsubj
hold creat:xcomp
updat content:amod
content hold:obj
writabl clone:amod
current clob:amod
clob clone:nmod
user call:nsubj
method call:obj
updat method:acl
content updat:obj
clob content:nmod
temporari clob:amod
clob creat:nsubj
hold creat:xcomp
updat content:amod
content hold:obj
len number:compound
charact number:nmod
clone number:acl
smaller number:dep
clob length:compound
length smaller:obl
current represent:amod
intern represent:amod
clob represent:compound
represent return:dep
represent chang:nsubj
user perform:nsubj
perform chang:advcl
oper perform:obj
clob oper:nmod
clob content:compound
content serv:nsubj
store stream:compound
stream serv:obl
user updat:compound
updat serv:obl
updat stream:conj
content updat:dep
intern represent:amod
represent chang:nsubj
temporari copi:amod
clob copi:compound
copi chang:obl
current represent:amod
intern represent:amod
clob represent:compound
locat valu:compound
clob valu:nmod
