generic implement:amod
referenti integr:compound
integr checker:compound
checker implement:nmod
cach valu:amod
effici valu:nmod
intermedi tabl:amod
tabl valu:nmod
violat tabl:nmod
defer constraint:amod
constraint presenc:nmod
languag context:compound
connect context:compound
context lcc:obj
xact control:compound
control fkinfo:nsubj
fkinfo lcc:advcl
foreign standard:amod
key standard:amod
inform standard:compound
standard fkinfo:obj
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
valid check:iobj
row valid:nmod
activ row:compound
row check:obj
check row:acl
restrict check check:obj
true restrict check:amod
check relev:nsubj
relev check:advcl
restrict action:amod
referenti action:amod
action relev:obl
defer row req number:dep
referenc key:amod
key defer row req:dep
requir number:amod
duplic number:nmod
post check fals:nsubj
error standard:obl
row null:obl
pass row:acl
check field:acl
info col array:nmod
row base row:obj
check base row:advcl
null field:amod
field check:obl
true field:amod
null check:advcl
scan control:compound
control clean:obl
standard control:obl
error standard:obl
isol level:compound
check scan:nmod
level lock:nsubj
instantan lock:amod
lock note:appos
isol level:compound
scan level:nmod
check scan:nmod
