store procedur:amod
lob client:compound
client method:compound
side method:compound
empti clob:amod
clob creat:obj
regist creat:conj
hash map regist:obl
connect hash map:nmod
return creat:conj
locat valu:compound
valu return:obj
clob return:obl
integ creat:nsubj
map integ:acl
clob valu:compound
valu map:obl
suppli entri:amod
locat entri:amod
entri remov:obj
hash map:compound
map entri:nmod
integ locat:dep
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
hash map:compound
map remov:obl
occurr return:obj
search string:compound
string occurr:nmod
start search:compound
search posit:compound
posit string:nmod
clob posit:nmod
integ locat:dep
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
clob locat:nmod
search liter string:amod
occur string:dep
clob occur:nmod
start pos:case
integ posit:dep
repres integ:acl
posit repres:obj
clob posit:nmod
repres integ:acl
posit repres:obj
clob posit:nmod
occurr integ:nmod
start posit:compound
posit integ:nmod
occurr return:obj
search string:compound
string occurr:nmod
start search:compound
search posit:compound
posit string:nmod
clob posit:nmod
integ locat:dep
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
clob locat:nmod
locat search locat:dep
repres locat:acl
clob repres:obj
clob occur:nmod
start pos:case
integ posit:dep
repres integ:acl
posit repres:obj
clob posit:nmod
repres integ:acl
posit repres:obj
clob posit:nmod
occurr integ:nmod
start posit:compound
posit integ:nmod
length return:obj
clob length:nmod
locat valu:amod
integ locat:dep
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
clob locat:nmod
repres integ:acl
length repres:obj
clob length:nmod
string start:nsubj
string consist:nsubj
start return:dep
pos start:obl
consist return:dep
consist start:conj
len charact:compound
consecut charact:amod
clob charact:obl
integ locat:dep
repres locat:acl
locat repres:obj
instanc retriev:obj
lob instanc:nmod
long pos:obj
repres long:acl
posit repres:obj
integ len:dep
repres integ:acl
maximum length:amod
length repres:obj
substr length:nmod
valu reduc:nsubj
maximum reduc:obl
return length:compound
substr start:nsubj
clob substr:nmod
start longer:dep
posit start:obl
len charact:compound
charact longer:obl
charact replac:obj
start replac:xcomp
start replac:xcomp
posit start:obl
length locat:compound
length locat:compound
locat start:obl
integ start:obj
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
clob locat:nmod
integ pos:obj
repres integ:acl
posit repres:obj
clob posit:nmod
number length:dep
charact number:nmod
string charact:nmod
string str:obj
repalc charact:amod
charact built:nsubj
built str:advcl
clob valu:compound
valu truncat:obj
repres valu:acl
locat repres:obl
integ locat:dep
repres locat:acl
locat repres:obj
instanc retriev:obj
lob instanc:nmod
integ length:dep
repres integ:acl
length repres:obj
clob truncat:nsubj
truncat length:acl
clob object:compound
object return:obj
locat request:nsubj
integ locat:dep
repres locat:acl
locat repres:obj
clob object:compound
clob object:compound
object pass:nsubj
map object:acl
locat object:amod
object map:obl
empti blob:amod
blob creat:obj
regist creat:conj
hash map regist:obl
connect hash map:nmod
return creat:conj
locat valu:compound
valu return:obj
blob return:obl
integ creat:nsubj
map integ:acl
blob valu:compound
valu map:obl
suppli entri:amod
locat entri:amod
entri remov:obj
hash map:compound
map entri:nmod
integ locat:dep
repres integ:acl
locat repres:obj
hash map:compound
map remov:obl
occurr return:dep
locat occurr:nmod
blob locat:nmod
locat valu:compound
valu locat:dep
blob valu:nmod
locat valu:compound
valu search locat:dep
blob valu:nmod
blob occurr:nmod
occurr return:dep
byte array:compound
array occurr:nmod
blob array:nmod
locat valu:compound
valu locat:dep
blob valu:nmod
byte array:compound
array search byte:obj
byte array:compound
array occurr:nmod
length return:dep
byte length:nmod
blob byte:nmod
locat valu:compound
valu locat:dep
blob valu:nmod
length map:nsubj
blob object:compound
object length:nmod
locat map:obl
len byte:compound
byte read:obl
return read:conj
byte array:compound
array return:obj
byte read:nsubj
smaller number:amod
number return:nsubj
byte number:nmod
request byte:dep
return note:ccomp
number return:nsubj
byte number:nmod
length check:obj
return array:amod
byte array:compound
array length:nmod
locat valu:compound
valu locat:dep
blob valu:nmod
byte array:compound
maximum number:amod
number len:dep
byte number:nmod
read byte:acl
valu reduc:nsubj
maximum reduc:obl
return length:compound
posit retriev:nsubj
byte array:compound
array read:nsubj
start pos:case
posit pos:compound
pos read:advcl
byte locat:nsubj
pos byte:nmod
len byte:compound
byte pos:nmod
locat replac:ccomp
integ locat:obj
repres integ:acl
blob repres:obj
posit state:nsubj
byte replac:compound
number len:dep
byte number:nmod
byte array:compound
array replac byte:obj
blob valu:compound
valu truncat:obj
repres valu:acl
locat repres:obl
integ locat:dep
repres locat:acl
locat repres:obj
instanc retriev:obj
lob instanc:nmod
integ length:dep
repres integ:acl
length repres:obj
blob truncat:nsubj
truncat length:acl
blob object:compound
object return:obj
locat request:nsubj
integ locat:dep
repres locat:acl
locat repres:obj
blob object:compound
blob object:compound
object pass:nsubj
map object:acl
locat object:amod
object map:obl
emb connect object:compound
object return:dep
sql generat:obj
sql state generat:obl
