lock item:acl
link list:amod
list item:conj
grant lock:amod
lock list:nmod
wait lock:amod
lock list:nmod
object thread:nsubj
singl thread:amod
requir thread:acl
lock control:compound
optimist scheme:amod
lock scheme:compound
lock grant:nsubj
object lock:nmod
grant set:advcl
grant set:obj
object releas:nsubj
remov object:acl
alloc remov:advcl
list alloc:obj
lock grant:nsubj
grant alloc:advcl
lock grant:obl
lock grant:nsubj
grant alloc:advcl
list alloc:nsubj
grant lock:amod
lock move:nsubj
move alloc:conj
list move:obl
list creat:nsubj
lock grant:dep
routin call:nsubj
lock grant:nsubj
wait list:compound
list lock:nmod
waiter jump:obl
grant jump:advcl
waiter avoid:obj
starv waiter:acl
add grant:ccomp
lock add:obj
control add:obl
state enter:obl
lockabl lock:nsubj
grant lock:parataxis
queue grant:obj
empti grant:xcomp
wait waiter:acl
queue empti:nsubj
empti wait:ccomp
lockabl lock:nsubj
lock waiter:acl
lockabl lock:nsubj
lock waiter:acl
grant waiter:acl
grant lock:conj
lockabl unlock:nsubj
unlock grant:dep
grant unlock:conj
item lock:nsubj
lock releas:nsubj
waker woken:nsubj
woken lock:conj
call enter:nsubj
object unlock:nsubj
unlock enter:advcl
lockabl unlock:nsubj
lock return:obj
wait line:compound
line lock:nmod
null empti:dep
line empti:nsubj
empti return:xcomp
wait lock:compound
lockabl object:amod
object return:obj
control object:acl
wait give:xcomp
lock wait:obl
waiter add:obj
lock waiter:nmod
map object:compound
object add:obl
hashtabl key:amod
key entri:nmod
compat valu:compound
space valu:compound
valu activ lock:nsubj
activ lock key:compound
activ lock valu:compound
valu key:dep
lock control valu:dep
waiter lock control:nmod
activ lock waiter:dep
previosu waiter:amod
waiter activ lock:nmod
stack return:obj
held lock:amod
lock stack:nmod
lock object:compound
object lock:dep
lockabl lock:nmod
grant lock:amod
lock find:obj
match find:xcomp
space match:obj
qualifi match:obj
qualifi space:conj
true return:amod
child lock block:nsubj
block true:ccomp
parent block:obl
confict lock:amod
code written:nsubj
support written:xcomp
fix support:obj
derbi support:obl
condit aris:nsubj
write attempt:compound
attempt block:nsubj
nest transact:amod
user transact:compound
transact attempt:nmod
read lock:amod
lock block:obl
held lock:acl
main transact:amod
transact held:obl
manag generat:amod
sequenc generat:compound
generat write:obl
shallow clone:amod
lock request:compound
request add:obj
list add:obl
waiter list:nmod
lock lock item:dep
lock tabl:compound
tabl lock:dep
return remov:conj
lock request:compound
request return:obj
list return:obl
waiter list:nmod
lock tabl:compound
tabl request:dep
remov request:amod
lock request:compound
return remov:conj
lock request:compound
request remov:obj
index remov:obl
list index:nmod
waiter list:nmod
index remov:nsubj
remov index:acl
lock tabl:compound
tabl index:dep
remov request:amod
lock request:compound
request tabl:dep
return remov:conj
lock request:compound
request remov:obj
list request:nmod
waiter list:nmod
item remov:nsubj
remov item:acl
lock tabl:compound
item number:nmod
remov item:acl
