predic repres:nsubj
top predic:amod
level predic:compound
predic repres:obj
top referenc:nsubj
predic referenc set:amod
referenc set top:nmod
bit map:compound
map referenc set:nmod
context manag:compound
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
node return:obj
node set:obj
pushabl return:obj
boolean pushabl:dep
predic pushabl:nsubj
predic pushabl:nsubj
pushabl set:advcl
method intend:nsubj
creat intend:advcl
copi creat:obj
predic copi:nmod
predic pushdown:amod
add choos:ccomp
assign add:obj
copi field add:obl
comment choos:obl
init time:compound
init time:compound
predic pushabl:nsubj
referenc set return:obj
referenc set bit set:dep
equival class:compound
class set:obj
predic set:obl
equival class:compound
class equival class:dep
predic class:nmod
predic equival class:nmod
predic categor:obj
bit map:compound
map build:obj
referenc tabl:amod
tabl map:nmod
predic tabl:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
left side:amod
node side:nmod
left side:amod
side null:nsubj
relat oper return:compound
return null:dep
left side:amod
side relat oper:nmod
node side:nmod
predic qualifi:compound
store qualifi:nmod
current type:amod
type push:nsubj
predic type:nmod
store push:xcomp
relat oper operand:compound
repres relat oper:acl
left repres:dep
operand store:obj
instanc operand:nmod
relat oper instanc:nmod
term singl:conj
list term:obl
term list:nmod
repres singl:parataxis
left operand:amod
operand repres:obl
instanc repres:obl
node instanc:nmod
specif oper:amod
oper term:nmod
term check:obj
store pushabl:xcomp
final push:amod
push oper:obl
execut push:nmod
term oper:nsubj
relat oper:amod
column refer:compound
refer oper:nmod
side refer:nmod
constant oper:nmod
constant refer:conj
term wither:nsubj
wither true:dep
relat oper:amod
polici standard:dep
pushabl predic:obj
list predic:obj
list pushabl:conj
predic repres:nsubj
predic list:nsubj
list repres:conj
term list:obl
pushabl term:acl
pushabl qualifi:dep
legal qualifi:amod
column refer:compound
refer qualifi:acl
side refer:nmod
relat oper:amod
oper side:nmod
constant refer:nmod
constant side:conj
predic set:nsubj
pushabl set:amod
set true:dep
claus set:nmod
polici standard:dep
search claus:compound
claus add:obj
type claus:nmod
transit closur:amod
closur type:nmod
true note:appos
equijoin true:advcl
column refer:compound
refer equijoin:nmod
search claus:compound
transit closur:amod
closur sourc:nmod
search claus:compound
claus add:obj
type claus:nmod
transit closur:amod
closur type:nmod
predic mark:dep
predic add:obj
type predic:nmod
transit closur:amod
closur type:nmod
search claus:compound
claus closur:nmod
search claus:compound
transit closur:amod
closur claus:nmod
start oper:compound
scan predic:nmod
opt tabl tabl:amod
optimiz tabl:amod
oper side:nmod
search column:compound
start oper:compound
start key:compound
key oper:nmod
column key:nmod
posit set:obj
index column:compound
column posit:nmod
predic restrict:nsubj
restrict set:ccomp
index posit restrict:obj
posit restrict:obl
index column:compound
column posit:nmod
predic restrict:nsubj
start stop:compound
stop posit:compound
posit clear:obj
qualifi flag:compound
flag clear:obj
flag posit:conj
object convert:obj
string convert:obl
tree print:compound
string object:obl
string version:compound
column refer:compound
refer version:nmod
predic refer:nmod
binari oper:amod
relat oper:amod
column refer:compound
refer operand:dep
dummi valu:amod
valu print:obj
debug purpos:compound
column referenc:nsubj
predic column:dep
trace assert:csubj
code trace:obl
print trace:obl
print code:conj
assert referenc:dep
failur assert:obj
tree print:compound
print suppos:nsubj
work suppos:xcomp
node depth:nmod
tree node:nmod
visitor accept:obj
visit children:amod
children accept:obl
node children:nmod
visitor standard:compound
error standard:nmod
field copi:obj
predic field:nmod
init set:obl
predic elig:nsubj
elig determin:advcl
subqueri elig:obl
relat node:amod
oper node:compound
node binari:dep
column refer:compound
side refer:nmod
base tabl:compound
tabl refer:nmod
predic elig:nsubj
push elig:xcomp
subqueri push:obl
join predic:compound
order node:obl
binari node:amod
relat node:amod
oper node:compound
column refer:compound
side refer:nmod
join predic:compound
predic copi:nsubj
scope copi:amod
predic copi:nmod
result creat:obl
call result:nmod
pred scope result set creat:obl
predic copi:nsubj
scope copi:amod
copi return:advcl
predic copi:nmod
predic correspond:nsubj
correspond return:advcl
legitim oper:amod
relat oper:amod
oper correspond:obl
relat oper:amod
predic oper:nmod
intern predic:amod
probe predic:compound
relat oper:amod
truth oper:obl
disguis oper:amod
list oper:compound
list predic:compound
probe predic:compound
predic return:advcl
predic correspond:nsubj
correspond return:advcl
list oper node return:obj
built return:advcl
check form:acl
list predic:compound
probe predic:compound
case store:obl
list node store:nsubj
store predic:dep
binari oper:amod
relat oper:amod
oper store:obl
left operand:amod
operand oper:acl
predic operand:nmod
node oper:acl
node operand:conj
correspond predic:acl
list correspond:obl
probe predic:compound
case operand:obl
list node operand:nsubj
left operand:amod
predic operand:nmod
node operand:conj
predic correspond:nsubj
correspond return:advcl
list correspond:obl
method return:nsubj
null return:xcomp
sourc list work:nmod
argument call:obl
probe limit:xcomp
predic probe:obj
predic list:nmod
list predic:compound
probe predic:compound
fals return:advcl
list oper node pred:nsubj
exist list oper node:acl
probe predic:compound
predic list:nmod
depend valu:dep
probe pred valu:nmod
predic correspond:nsubj
correspond null:ccomp
list correspond:obl
