raw input:amod
input stream:compound
convert stream:acl
disk format:compound
format convert:obl
binari type:amod
type format:nmod
prepend convert:advcl
length prepend:obj
valu length:nmod
stream length:nmod
byte encod:obl
stream byte:nmod
defin format:amod
format stream:nmod
length unknown:nsubj
unknown length:amod
length indic:obj
reach throw:advcl
read call:compound
call throw:nsubj
eof throw:obj
byte number:nmod
length encod:compound
encod byte:nmod
length encod:nmod
byte length:nmod
stream byte:nmod
stream length:nmod
type insert:nsubj
column type:nmod
stream column:dep
stream length:dep
null length:amod
binari creat:obj
disk stream:compound
stream binari:nmod
input stream creat:obl
disk stream:compound
stream prepend:nsubj
stream valid:nsubj
length prepend:obj
encod length:acl
valid prepend:conj
actual length:amod
length match:nsubj
stream length:nmod
match valid:ccomp
length match:obj
jdbc length:nmod
applic stream:nmod
raw stream:amod
binari stream:compound
stream pass:obl
jdbc pass:obl
layer length:compound
length pass:nsubj
stream length:nmod
expos length:dep
user expos:obl
program error:compound
error exist:nsubj
code exist:obl
binari creat:obj
disk stream:compound
stream binari:nmod
input stream creat:obl
unknown length:amod
length input stream:nmod
maximum length:amod
stream length:nmod
applic length:compound
stream length:compound
maximum length length:compound
maximum length:compound
length insert:obl
column length:nmod
data insert:nsubj
column null:nsubj
data insert:nsubj
insert column:acl
null insert:advcl
user expos:obl
program error:compound
error exist:nsubj
code exist:obl
critic thrown:advcl
signal thrown:xcomp
wrap stream:amod
stream read:obl
prepend stream:acl
intial byte:amod
byte prepend:obj
stream read:nsubj
read throw:advcl
eof reach:nsubj
reach read:conj
reach throw:advcl
case throw:obl
subsequ read:amod
read throw:nsubj
eof throw:obj
jdbc requir:nsubj
tutori book:compound
book jdbc:nmod
input stream:compound
correct number:amod
byte number:nmod
stream byte:nmod
wrap stream:amod
stream read:obl
prepend stream:acl
intial byte:amod
byte prepend:obj
stream read:nsubj
read throw:advcl
eof reach:nsubj
reach read:conj
reach throw:advcl
case throw:obl
subsequ read:amod
read throw:nsubj
eof throw:obj
