run time statist implemen:compound
total compil:nsubj
time compil:obj
queri compil:obl
millisecond queri:nmod
compil bind:ccomp
time divid:nsubj
divid compil:ccomp
pars divid:advcl
optim bind:conj
generat bind:conj
time bind:obj
total compil:nsubj
time compil:obj
queri compil:obl
millisecond queri:nmod
pars time:compound
queri time:nmod
millisecond queri:nmod
time pars:obj
queri pars:obl
millisecond queri:nmod
bind time:compound
millisecond queri:nmod
bind time:compound
queri time:nmod
millisecond queri:nmod
optim time:compound
millisecond queri:nmod
optim time:compound
queri time:nmod
millisecond queri:nmod
generat time:compound
queri time:nmod
millisecond queri:nmod
time generat:obj
queri generat:obl
millisecond queri:nmod
execut time:compound
queri time:nmod
millisecond queri:nmod
time execut:obj
queri execut:obl
millisecond queri:nmod
queri compil:compound
queri compil:compound
queri compil:compound
queri compil:compound
queri execut:compound
queri execut:compound
queri execut:compound
queri execut:compound
statement queri:conj
user assign:nsubj
statement queri:conj
statement prepar:obj
statement queri:conj
queri text:nmod
statement text:nmod
statement queri:conj
queri text:nmod
statement text:nmod
statement queri:conj
estim count:amod
row count:compound
number count:nmod
row number:nmod
return row:acl
queri return:obl
statement return:obl
statement queri:conj
estim number:amod
row number:nmod
return number:acl
queri return:obl
statement return:obl
statement queri:conj
execut plan:compound
statement queri:conj
string queri:nmod
execut plan:compound
queri plan:nmod
statement plan:nmod
statement queri:conj
relat node:acl
tabl scan:compound
index tabl:conj
index scan:compound
scan relat:obl
execut plan:compound
plan relat:obl
queri relat:obl
statement relat:obl
statement queri:conj
string queri:nmod
tabl scan:compound
index tabl:conj
index scan:compound
scan relat:obl
execut plan:compound
plan relat:obl
queri plan:nmod
statement plan:nmod
statement queri:conj
relat node:acl
tabl scan:compound
index tabl:conj
index scan:compound
scan relat:obl
tabl relat:obl
execut plan:compound
plan relat:obl
queri plan:nmod
statement plan:nmod
statement queri:conj
string queri:nmod
tabl seek:nsubj
user tabl:nmod
statist seek:obj
tabl scan:compound
index tabl:conj
index scan:compound
scan relat:obl
execut plan:compound
plan relat:obl
queri relat:obl
statement relat:obl
statement queri:conj
tabl queri:nmod
tree object:compound
object expand:nsubj
expand display:advcl
object return:nsubj
type return:ccomp
includ inspect:case
addtion inspect:amod
inspect type:nmod
object vector:nmod
visit initi:obj
xplain visitor visit:nmod
top initi:obl
tree top:nmod
