basic servic:compound
servic provid:nsubj
info stream provid:obj
report provid:advcl
inform report:obj
error trace:conj
stream direct:nsubj
direct configur:advcl
error print:nsubj
error stream:compound
stream print:obl
addit stream:nmod
error log:compound
system log:nmod
messag creat:obj
stream messag:nmod
initi entri:amod
entri creat:obj
header inform:compound
inform creat:obl
append creat:conj
time append:obl
desir time:acl
charact encod:compound
replac note:parataxis
assum replac:parataxis
writer interfac:compound
interfac remain:nsubj
remain assum:ccomp
stabl remain:xcomp
arg constructor:compound
public constructor:amod
note stream:dep
servic properti:compound
properti overrid:nsubj
overrid note:acl
applic properti:compound
system applic:conj
system properti:compound
properti overrid:obj
header object:compound
object return:obj
header print writer creat:obj
base header:case
header creat:advcl
target type:compound
type determin:obj
header print:compound
print writer:compound
relat set:xcomp
current directori:amod
directori set:obl
configur inform:compound
inform exist:nsubj
stream exist:obl
stream creat:obj
error creat:obj
privileg monitor:compound
lookup monitor:dep
user code:compound
code call:nsubj
call privat:advcl
entri point:compound
point call:obj
