thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
implement doubl:obj
big decim convert:obl
valu set:obj
type object:amod
doubl object:amod
object set:obl
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error sql:compound
sql thrown:obl
thrown sql:acl
error standard:nmod
valu set:obj
prepar statement set:obl
sql error:compound
set error:dep
valu set:obj
prepar statement valu:nmod
valu set:obj
result set set:obl
method call:nsubj
valu call:obl
thrown sql:dep
result set object:compound
object thrown:obl
standard sql:parataxis
thrown standard:dep
access thrown:advcl
valu access:obj
arg constructor:compound
requir constructor:acl
formatt requir:obl
standard throw:nsubj
number format throw:obj
string format:compound
format recogn:nsubj
recogn number format:acl
infinit doubl:amod
doubl standard:obl
infinit float:amod
float standard:obl
call set:parataxis
applic call:obl
valu set:obj
oper call:nsubj
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
left valu:amod
left side:amod
side valu:nmod
side valu:obl
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
thrown standard:acl
error valu:nmod
oper modul:amod
call oper:dep
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos modul:amod
storag oppos:obl
left valu:amod
left side:amod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
valu thrown:nsubj
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
error thrown:obl
call modul:amod
languag call:obl
modul oper:nmod
oppos modul:dep
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand standard:compound
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper modul:amod
call oper:dep
languag call:obl
oppos modul:amod
storag oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand greater:nsubj
operand standard:compound
standard greater:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand equal:nsubj
operand standard:compound
standard equal:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper call:nsubj
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand greater:nsubj
operand equal:nsubj
equal greater:conj
operand standard:compound
standard equal:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
doubl implement:obl
addend result:amod
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method call:nmod
addit standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
oper implement:obj
doubl implement:advcl
valu subtract:nsubj
subtract left:ccomp
valu subtract:obl
result subtract:iobj
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method subtract:obl
null call:dep
call subtract:xcomp
sql doubl thrown:nsubj
subtract standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown left:parataxis
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
oper implement:obj
doubl oper:nmod
valu multipli:nsubj
multipli left:ccomp
valu multipli:obj
result multipli:iobj
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method multipli:obl
null call:dep
call multipli:xcomp
sql doubl thrown:nsubj
multipl standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown left:parataxis
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
oper implement:obj
doubl implement:advcl
numer divisor:compound
divisor dividend:dep
denomin result:compound
result divisor:dep
result null:dep
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method call:nmod
null dividend:parataxis
call null:ccomp
divis standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
unari implement:obj
oper unari:nmod
doubl implement:advcl
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method call:nmod
null call:acl
call null:dep
sql doubl call:obj
divis standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
negat method:amod
method implement:obj
negat return:advcl
true return:xcomp
posit valu:amod
valu return:obl
null valu:conj
null return:obl
fals return:xcomp
