messag refer:obl
sqlca messag:nmod
count refer:parataxis
generat engin:acl
error generat:obj
sql factori:compound
factori initi:nsubj
default factori:compound
factori initi:obl
sql factori:compound
factori written:obl
support version:amod
jdbc version:compound
version factori:nmod
messag instanc:compound
util instanc:compound
instanc prime:obl
messag find:obj
client bundl:compound
messag bundl:compound
share bundl:amod
messag bundl:compound
singleton access:compound
messag util instanc:nmod
construct instanc:acl
client messag:compound
messag construct:obl
creat recommend:xcomp
instanc creat:obj
internation string:amod
messag string:compound
string format:obj
sql constructor:compound
constructor invok:obj
singleton instanc:compound
instanc configur:nsubj
messag util instanc:nmod
configur invok:dep
client messag:compound
messag configur:obl
wrap sql:amod
exist sql:acl
engin creat:obl
generat engin:acl
error generat:obj
log writer object:amod
sqlca trace:obj
generat chain:acl
engin generat:obl
constructor call:nsubj
creat call:advcl
rest creat:obj
chain rest:nmod
chain true:nsubj
true creat:advcl
sqlca generat:nsubj
sqlca link:nsubj
server number:compound
messag number:compound
count number:dep
chain number:dep
true chain:amod
generat sqlca:ccomp
rest generat:obj
chain rest:nmod
link sqlca:ccomp
base type:case
sql link:dep
sql link:dep
set link:obl
init link:obl
init set:conj
type link:nsubj
init link:obl
sql wrap:obj
sql wrap:obl
intern routin:amod
sql throw:obj
chain forc:obl
depend chain:nmod
forc sql:acl
intern routin:amod
routin forc:obj
throw forc:xcomp
sql throw:obj
sql convert:obj
helper method:compound
method construct:nsubj
