public method:amod
static method:compound
method set:nmod
deal method:acl
string deal:obl
error messag:compound
messag string:nmod
chop reason:nsubj
histor reason:amod
receiv method:acl
array receiv:obj
object array:nmod
return method:acl
return receiv:conj
string represent:compound
array represent:compound
represent return:obj
array represent:nmod
trail trim:ccomp
blank trail:obj
lead trim:ccomp
lead trail:conj
blank lead:obj
input stip:nsubj
trail blank:amod
blank input:nmod
stip lead:advcl
truncat rais:csubj
string truncat:obj
length truncat:obl
warn length:nmod
error length:nmod
error warn:conj
bigger rais:advcl
valu string:compound
string return:nsubj
truncat length:amod
maximum length:amod
length string:acl
string length:nmod
valu return:obj
valu null:nsubj
null valu:dep
equal return:xcomp
length equal:obl
repres return:xcomp
valu repres:obj
truncat valu:acl
length truncat:obl
slice return:obj
substr slice:dep
pass valu:amod
valu slice:nmod
trim valu:amod
warn offset:compound
offset inclus:nsubj
histor reason:amod
reason inclus:obl
slice valu:nmod
inclus charact:amod
start charact:compound
charact offset:dep
offset charact:compound
inclus charact:amod
charact offset:dep
trim charact:acl
trim charact:acl
slice valu:compound
valu trim:obj
byte array:compound
array convert:obj
string convert:obl
hexidecim format:amod
format string:nmod
string convert:nsubj
byte array:compound
array convert:obl
byte generat:obl
characat generat:nsubj
charact repres:nsubj
repres generat:parataxis
high nibbl:amod
nibbl repres:obj
bit nibbl:dep
hexidecim nibbl:nmod
charact repres:nsubj
repres generat:parataxis
nibbl repres:obj
ampx generat:dep
byte repres:nsubj
data byte:nmod
offset byte:dep
charact repres:obl
return string:amod
string repres:obl
data byte:compound
byte array:compound
offset array:acl
start offset:xcomp
byte start:obj
base offset:parataxis
convert offset:xcomp
length number:compound
byte number:nmod
convert byte:acl
hexidecim format:amod
format string:obl
form string:parataxis
byte array:compound
array form:obl
hexidecim string:amod
string convert:obj
generat string:acl
hex string generat:obl
byte array:compound
array generat:obl
string convert:xcomp
offset convert:dep
start charact:case
charact offset:obl
base charact:dep
length number:compound
charact number:nmod
convert charact:acl
convert array:amod
byte array:compound
null return:dep
length multipl:nsubj
multipl null:ccomp
byte array:compound
array convert:obj
human readabl:amod
readabl string:amod
string convert:obl
debug purpos:compound
purpos string:nmod
string convert:obj
uppercas convert:advcl
local string:nmod
uppercas string:amod
uppercas string:amod
string compar:obj
string uppercas:nsubj
string uppercas:nsubj
uppercas string:acl
uppercas string:acl
english uppercas:obl
compar string:case
equival string:amod
npe throw:obj
null throw:advcl
string uppercas:obl
compar string:acl
string compar:obj
true compar:xcomp
upppercas valu:amod
english valu:amod
valu fals:nsubj
equal return:amod
return fals:obl
fals compar:advcl
null fals:ccomp
sql identif:compound
identif normal:obj
case identif:acl
handl normal:obj
handl identif:conj
sql handl:appos
section sql:dep
normal form:amod
sql identifi:compound
identifi correct:dep
adjac compress:xcomp
singl adjac:dep
doubl adjac:dep
doubl singl:conj
quot adjac:ccomp
singl quot:obl
string middl:nmod
compress note:appos
function assum:nsubj
trail quot:amod
quot remov:nsubj
string quot:nmod
delimit identifi:amod
identifi quot:nmod
identifi string:conj
remov assum:ccomp
sourc string:compound
compress string:dep
quot string:compound
string compress:obj
singl quot:amod
doubl singl:conj
doubl quot:amod
quot compress:nsubj
compress string:acl
string quot:obj
string identifi:conj
liter quot:xcomp
sql statement:compound
statement quot:obl
identifi surround:nsubj
doubl quot:amod
quot surround:obl
string liter:compound
liter surround:nsubj
singl quot:amod
quot surround:obl
string quot:nsubj
quot sourc:acl
charact quot:obj
quot charact:acl
string quot:obl
string quot:xcomp
quot string:acl
quot string:nmod
charact string:dep
string quot:obj
liter string:amod
sql statement:compound
statement liter:obl
string quot:nsubj
quot string:acl
string quot:obj
surround string:acl
surround string:acl
singl quot:amod
quot surround:obl
proper surround:obl
escap proper:amod
singl quot:amod
quot proper:nmod
format util:acl
bend string:dep
string format:dep
shape string:nmod
output shape:acl
context output:obl
depth tab:compound
trail newlin:amod
newlin discard:nsubj
number replac:obj
tab number:nmod
depth number:compound
number replac:obl
tab number:nmod
format string:amod
sanit level:compound
depth indent:compound
indent sanit:obj
level string:nmod
string level:dep
matcher src:compound
src string:compound
sourc string:compound
substitut string:acl
indent substitut:obj
lead substitut:advcl
sourc version:compound
version lead:obj
src version:nmod
substitut lead:obl
matcher format:nsubj
src string:compound
sourc string:compound
string replac:dep
substitut string:acl
version substitut:obj
src version:nmod
matcher format:nsubj
src string:compound
sourc string:compound
string replac:dep
substitut string:acl
indent substitut:obj
lead substitut:advcl
sourc version:compound
version lead:obj
src version:nmod
substitut lead:obl
