updat loader implement:compound
function implement:dep
class loader manag:obj
instanc class loader:dep
jar loader instanc:nmod
instal file:amod
jar file:compound
file class loader:nmod
jar file:compound
file instal:nsubj
procedur instal:obl
jar loader deleg:compound
request deleg:dep
standard mechan:amod
mechan deleg:obl
load deleg:dep
class load:obj
object load:obl
order jar loader:nmod
class load:obj
intern api:amod
api load:obl
class load:obj
procedur method:nmod
method class:nmod
request deleg:nsubj
updat loader deleg:obl
class load:obj
order jar:nmod
instal jar:acl
jar loader instal:obj
packag list:nmod
derbi support:nsubj
support packag:acl
load support:xcomp
instal file:amod
jar file:compound
file load:obl
class load:dep
class path:compound
path class:nmod
jar loader call:obl
load request:acl
class load:obj
fulfil load:advcl
semat fulfil:obj
restrict enforc:obj
space class:nmod
instal jar:amod
jar load:obl
referenc disallow:csubj
derbi class:nmod
intern class:amod
class referenc:iobj
public api:amod
instal referenc:advcl
user defin:dep
defin routin:amod
routin stop:obj
bypass routin:dep
secur bypass:obj
secur hole:compound
hole advantag:nmod
derbi hole:nmod
public method:amod
method call:obj
derbi call:obl
public method:amod
static method:compound
method call:obj
system procedur:compound
procedur method:nmod
grant call:advcl
permiss grant:obj
set permiss:acl
databas properti:compound
properti set:obj
instal jar:amod
jar restrict:nsubj
load restrict:advcl
lock manag:compound
time wait:amod
privileg lookup:compound
context lookup:nmod
user code:compound
code call:nsubj
call privat:advcl
entri point:compound
point call:obj
privileg lookup:compound
modul lookup:compound
user code:compound
code call:nsubj
call privat:advcl
entri point:compound
point call:obj
