close state:acl
read perform:nsubj
perform idl:ccomp
transact perform:obl
activ updat:amod
read attempt:nsubj
attempt activ:ccomp
transact updat:compound
updat attempt:obl
updat attempt:nsubj
attempt readi:ccomp
transact attempt:obl
prepar transact:acl
transact readi:nsubj
commit readi:xcomp
futur readi:dep
transact identifi:compound
enter transact:acl
updat state:compound
state enter:obj
lifetim enter:obl
privat static:amod
bit overwrit:nsubj
commitflag bit:nmod
lock request:compound
request time:nsubj
grant time:advcl
wait grant:advcl
part requir:obl
fix part:nmod
method expos:nsubj
expos requir:ccomp
version check:compound
check expos:obl
transact modul:compound
process modul:compound
modul check:nmod
true return:dep
transact block:nsubj
block true:ccomp
log appli:nsubj
compens oper:compound
oper appli:obj
option data:amod
data written:nsubj
rollforward oper:amod
oper written:obl
attempt oper:acl
undo attempt:xcomp
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
xact factori list:amod
list add:obl
updat transact:compound
transact list:nmod
xact factori list:amod
list remov:obl
updat transact:compound
transact list:nmod
xact factori list:amod
list remov:obl
updat transact:compound
transact list:nmod
log instant:compound
instant set:obj
log record:compound
record set:obl
written record:acl
transact written:obl
log instant:compound
log record:compound
written record:acl
transact written:obl
log instant:compound
instant set:obj
log record:compound
record set:obl
written record:acl
transact written:obl
log instant:compound
log record:compound
written record:acl
transact written:obl
transact identifi:compound
identifi set:obj
default valu:compound
standard polici:compound
standard polici:compound
derbi polici:compound
polici valu:obl
raw store:amod
store extern:obl
raw store:amod
store uniqu:obl
compat space:compound
transact space:nmod
object return:dep
lock manag:compound
compat space:compound
space provid:obj
transact space:nmod
transact conflict:nsubj
compat space:compound
space transact:nmod
lock conflict:obl
usual case:amod
uniqu space:amod
compat space:compound
compat space:compound
transact space:nmod
lock request:compound
request time:nsubj
grant time:advcl
wait grant:advcl
object owner:nsubj
owner work:dep
compat space:compound
space owner:nmod
wait time:csubj
lock wait:obl
transact owner:nsubj
owner work:advcl
compat space:compound
space owner:nmod
transact inherit:nsubj
compat space:compound
space inherit:obj
parent inherit:obl
method call:nmod
debug build:obl
error rais:nsubj
rais build:advcl
intern short:dep
raw store:amod
store intern:obl
raw store:amod
store uniqu:obl
saniti check:compound
clone transact tabl entri:amod
transact tabl entri call:obl
current default:amod
polici lock:obj
oper lock:obl
transact oper:nmod
transact start:nsubj
start chang:ccomp
default start:obl
lock default:acl
polici equival:compound
equival lock:obj
lock polici lock:obl
default chang:nsubj
subsequ call:amod
call chang:obl
set default lock polici chang:obl
lock polici polici:compound
polici chang:dep
current default:amod
lock default:acl
polici lock:obj
transact lock:obl
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
work commit:nsubj
work commit:nsubj
common commit:ccomp
commit record:dep
includ commit:conj
includ record:dep
write includ:advcl
commit log:compound
log write:obj
record part:nmod
commit prepar:conj
work post:compound
post commit:nsubj
commitflag commit:nsubj
flavor commitflag:nmod
polici standard:dep
work prepar:nsubj
complet work:acl
commit complet:ccomp
commit post:xcomp
work commit:obj
state move:obj
transact state:nmod
idl move:advcl
commitflag commit:nsubj
flavor commitflag:nmod
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
undo routin:ccomp
routin call:csubj
call redo:parataxis
outstand transact:amod
doubt outstand:obl
prepar transact:amod
transact call:obj
logic lock:amod
write lock:compound
oper lock:nmod
xact oper:nmod
transact entri:compound
tabl entri:compound
entri modifi:obj
startup prepar:obl
recoveri startup:nmod
routin call:nsubj
recoveri call:obl
polici standard:dep
transact idl:nsubj
idl abort:advcl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
thrown polici:acl
transact idl:nsubj
idl thrown:advcl
standard remain:nsubj
thrown standard:acl
transact idl:nsubj
idl thrown:advcl
transact standard:appos
open remain:xcomp
oper log:obj
transact generat:nsubj
generat log:advcl
log record:compound
record generat:obj
xact record:amod
log record:compound
record log:obj
pass oper:amod
oper null:nsubj
xact log:obj
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
add abort:csubj
list add:obl
post list:nmod
work abort:obj
process work:acl
transact abort:nsubj
abort process:advcl
post commit:nsubj
commit work:ccomp
work commit:obj
ad work:acl
record handl:nsubj
handl return:ccomp
initi handl:ccomp
page number:compound
record number:conj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
polici derbi:dep
record handl belong:nsubj
belong segment:acl
record handl belong:nsubj
page number:compound
number page number:dep
record handl number:nmod
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
redo recreat:advcl
recoveri redo:obj
recoveri redo:obj
process redo:advcl
log record:compound
record process:obj
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
logger object:compound
log record:compound
record write:obj
transact log:compound
log write:obl
ident transform:obj
transact entri:compound
tabl entri:compound
entri store:obl
complet ident:amod
ident sume:obj
transact entri:compound
tabl entri:compound
entri ident:nmod
final phase:amod
recoveri phase:nmod
creat recoveri:acl
real transact:amod
transact creat:obj
doubt transact:compound
prepar transact:amod
transact ident:nmod
global assum:obj
ent entri:amod
origin entri:amod
entri assum:nsubj
ident assum:obj
transact move:obj
updat state:compound
state move:obl
standard problem:compound
set problem:dep
state move:obj
transact state:nmod
updat transact:nmod
prepar move:obl
state transit:compound
transit updat:nsubj
prepar updat:obl
transact prepar:nsubj
idl transact:dep
activ transact:dep
activ idl:conj
prepar read:parataxis
commit read:parataxis
prepar request:nsubj
request commit:advcl
updat transact:compound
prepar state:amod
polici standard:dep
user transact:compound
intern transact:dep
nest transact:amod
top transact:amod
transact intern:conj
care commit:nsubj
post care:nmod
work commit:obj
transact commit:obj
transact work:conj
prioirti work:compound
work care:nmod
context manag:compound
manag thread:conj
post leav:obl
commit leav:dep
daemon commit:obj
point exist:nsubj
exist save:ccomp
stack exist:obl
posit return:dep
savepoint posit:nmod
array savepoint:nmod
pop push:nsubj
savepoint upto:nsubj
upto pop:acl
rollback upto:obl
releas true:nsubj
true pop:advcl
savepoint pop:nsubj
left pop:parataxis
stack left:obl
top left:obl
true roll:dep
work roll:nsubj
roll encount:advcl
fals standard:amod
work roll:nsubj
roll fals:ccomp
standard encount:nsubj
thrown standard:acl
sever error:nmod
rollback encount:obl
savepoint rollback:nmod
derbi standard:compound
error polici:dep
polici standard:amod
user transact:compound
user transact:compound
transact true:dep
singl thread:amod
synchron thread:acl
method call:nsubj
thread call:obl
test call:xcomp
state test:obj
transact state:nmod
method synchron:obl
enter method:acl
exit synchron:obl
exit method:conj
idl state:amod
state exit:dep
local method:amod
read method:acl
state synchron:nsubj
synchron read:ccomp
thread synchron:obl
transact state:nsubj
idl state:amod
close idl:conj
close state:amod
state true:dep
transact state:nsubj
prepar state:amod
singl thread:amod
synchron thread:acl
method call:nsubj
thread call:obl
test call:xcomp
state test:obj
transact state:nmod
transact state:nsubj
prepar state:amod
state true:dep
transact state:nsubj
idl state:amod
call state:acl
thread call:obl
test call:xcomp
state test:obj
transact state:nmod
method synchronzi:obl
whcih enter:nsubj
exit enter:conj
idl state:amod
state exit:dep
true exit:xcomp
idl enter:advcl
fals idl:dep
transact state:nsubj
pristin state:amod
thread call:obl
fals updat:amod
xact record:amod
log record:compound
record put:obl
xact record:amod
log record:compound
record put:obl
transact set:obj
issu set:advcl
complet work:amod
work issu:obj
post complet time:amod
time issu:advcl
pre complet time:amod
open held:xcomp
commit held:obl
transact block:nsubj
onlin backup:amod
backup block:obj
true wait:ccomp
transact block:nsubj
block wait:advcl
backup block:obj
transact block:nsubj
block true:dep
backup block:obj
interrupt standard:dep
wait interrupt:advcl
backup wait:obl
progress backup:nmod
complet wait:xcomp
backup unblock:obj
block unblock:advcl
oper block:obl
transact oper:nmod
transact block:nsubj
block check:advcl
backup block:obj
transact block:nsubj
block true:dep
backup block:obj
fals backup:amod
local transact:amod
transact convert:obj
global transact:amod
transact convert:obl
previous transact:amod
local transact:amod
transact creat:nsubj
creat call:ccomp
exist call:conj
context exist:obl
current transact:amod
transact state:nsubj
idl state:amod
state call:advcl
set transact call:obj
error check:compound
check care:nmod
format part:compound
xid part:nmod
global transact:amod
transact identifi:obl
identifi part:amod
xid part:nmod
branch qualifi:compound
xid qualifi:nmod
polici standard:dep
method call:nsubj
commit call:xcomp
current transact:amod
global transact:amod
transact commit:obj
map resolv:dep
resourc manag:compound
phase commit:nsubj
protocol commit:obj
work commit:obj
current xid:amod
polici standard:dep
method call:nsubj
resourc manag:compound
transact prepar:obl
commit prepar:ccomp
transact commit:obl
indic valu:dep
resourc manag:compound
manag vote:nmod
vote indic:obj
outcom indic:obl
transact outcom:nmod
resourc manag:compound
transact roll:obj
prepar method:compound
polici standard:dep
current transact:amod
global transact:amod
transact rollback:dep
maintain histori:acl
transact tabl:compound
tabl maintain:obl
long term:amod
term log:compound
log maintain:obl
log tabl:conj
polici standard:dep
xid return:obj
string return:obl
virtual tabl:amod
lock tabl:compound
tabl depend:nsubj
routin depend:obl
return routin:acl
string return:obl
global transact:amod
transact return:advcl
lock tabl:compound
tabl join:obl
transact tabl:compound
tabl work:nsubj
work join:conj
string xid:nmod
transact state:nsubj
activ state:amod
transact info inform:compound
inform return:obl
activ state:amod
state return:advcl
transact state:nsubj
idl state:amod
state increment:advcl
activ state string call:csubj
raw transact:amod
call increment:advcl
activ state:amod
reason case:nsubj
increment reason:acl
activ state:amod
debug case:amod
statement case:compound
log text:compound
statement text:compound
text case:nmod
sql statement:compound
statement written:nsubj
log written:xcomp
execut log:advcl
lock acquir:nsubj
statement execut:nsubj
execut acquir:advcl
identifi string:acl
transact identifi:obj
data valu factori return:obj
object alloc:obj
boot data:amod
valu factori:compound
factori data:dep
polici standard:dep
rollforward recoveri:amod
recoveri transact:nmod
checkpoint perform:obj
rollforward recoveri:amod
recoveri perform:obl
