xml method:compound
util method:compound
unit test:compound
test method:nmod
run classpath:acl
jaxp class:compound
api class:compound
requir class:acl
derbi oper:compound
xml oper:compound
run classpath:acl
jaxp implement:compound
evalu support:acl
path queri:compound
queri evalu:obj
directori filepath:nmod
hold directori:acl
xml hold:iobj
helper file:compound
file xml:dep
insert file:acl
schema document:compound
document file:dep
document file:conj
return true:dep
implement interfac:nsubj
jaxp implement:nmod
interfac true:conj
xalan class:compound
method care:nsubj
support care:obl
path queri:compound
queri support:nmod
true return:dep
classpath meet:nsubj
meet true:ccomp
sql xml:compound
oper requir:nmod
content insert:obj
file content:nmod
receiv column:amod
column insert:obl
receiv tabl:amod
tabl column:nmod
file directori:nsubj
conn connect:compound
perform connect:acl
insert perform:obj
col column:compound
tabl column:nmod
num row number:compound
number insert:nsubj
time number:nmod
receiv file:amod
file content:nmod
content insert:obj
run classpath:acl
jaxp implement:compound
support implement:acl
evalu support:xcomp
path queri:compound
queri evalu:obj
jaxp implement:nmod
classpath jaxp:nmod
string form:compound
form return:obj
url form:nmod
jar file:compound
file url:nmod
jaxp implement:compound
parser implement:compound
implement pick:nsubj
user classpath:nmod
classpath pick:obl
jaxp parser:compound
parser classpath:nsubj
user classpath:nmod
classpath embed:advcl
jvm embed:obl
endors jar:compound
standard endors:obj
case return:obl
null return:xcomp
