refer requir:advcl
custom compon:compound
seam compon:compound
compon refer:obl
align option:advcl
seam align:obj
convent align:obl
configur philosophi:compound
philosophi convent:nmod
file option:nsubj
xml namespac:compound
custom compon:compound
defin map:amod
java packag:compound
packag map:nmod
map defin:nsubj
xml namespac:compound
namespac parsabl:nsubj
parsabl abort:parataxis
automat map:amod
map abort:nsubj
protocol scheme:compound
www subdomain:compound
subdomain scheme:conj
port scheme:conj
queri paramet:compound
paramet scheme:conj
anchor scheme:conj
refer anchor:dep
user info scheme:conj
top level:amod
level domain:compound
root packag:compound
java packag:compound
java packag:compound
root packag:compound
appli packag:acl
order appli:obl
path map:nsubj
return path:dep
java packag:compound
packag map:xcomp
path element:compound
java packag:compound
append packag:acl
order append:obl
