base class:nsubj
abstract class:amod
lock bahaviour:compound
repres object:acl
handl interfac:compound
class design:nsubj
chang design:advcl
avoid repres:xcomp
creat avoid:xcomp
object creat:obj
object implement:compound
lockabl implement:amod
provid lockabl:xcomp
object provid:obj
lock provid:advcl
page alloc:nsubj
alloc lock:advcl
mutabl ident:amod
state drop:obj
singl thread:amod
thread mutabl:dep
requir thread:acl
lock exclus:ccomp
thread lock:obl
open creat:conj
commit state:amod
drop state:compound
post commit:nsubj
commit remov:advcl
action commit:obj
determin action:acl
drop oper:compound
oper commit:nsubj
commit determin:ccomp
space reclaim:nsubj
reclaim remov:conj
singl thread:amod
thread mutabl:dep
requir thread:acl
lock exclus:ccomp
thread lock:obl
open creat:conj
reusabl record:amod
default reusabl:obl
record id:compound
id reusabl:nsubj
page reus:nsubj
reus reusabl:advcl
special circumst:amod
circumst decid:obl
client decid:nsubj
raw store:amod
store client:nmod
record id:compound
id reus:nsubj
reus decid:ccomp
page reus:nsubj
flag set:nsubj
reus page:acl
set record:acl
releas space:compound
free space:amod
free space:amod
space releas:dep
oper system:compound
system space:nmod
free page:amod
page releas:obj
locat page:acl
truncat interfac:compound
interfac locat:obl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
reusabl number:amod
record sequenc:compound
sequenc number:compound
sequenc number:compound
number increment:nsubj
time increment:obj
record guarante:nsubj
obtain record:acl
guarante check:advcl
valid guarante:xcomp
sequenc number:compound
number chang:nsubj
chang reus:advcl
record reus:nsubj
row reus:obl
sequenc number:compound
reusabl record:amod
record number:obl
reusabl number:amod
record number:compound
sequenc number:compound
number increment:dep
page add:obj
thread transact:compound
add page:compound
page oper:compound
oper involv:nsubj
involv awar:ccomp
user transact:compound
transact nest top transact:ccomp
pass handl:amod
creat nest top transact:acl
base creat:obl
high structur:amod
content structur:compound
structur chang:obj
link anchor:compound
list anchor:compound
anchor structur:nmod
bit page:compound
map page:compound
page structur:nmod
page anchor:conj
nest top transact commit:nsubj
nest top transact abort:nsubj
abort commit:conj
routin return:amod
return commit:obl
user transact:compound
creat page:amod
page latch:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
page remov:obj
page unlatch:nsubj
routin unlatch:obl
return unlatch:advcl
user transact:compound
transact part:nmod
remov page:amod
page usabl:nsubj
user comit:compound
transact comit:compound
comit usabl:obl
user transact:compound
transact roll:nsubj
remov page:amod
thread polici:dep
awar polici:amod
handl awar:ccomp
open handl:ccomp
latch handl:ccomp
latch open:conj
page latch:iobj
latch page:amod
page latch:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi dealloc:obj
error polici:compound
special lock:amod
dealloc lock:compound
lock page:dep
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi handl:iobj
error polici:compound
polici handl:obj
alloc page:compound
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
valid page:amod
result latch:nsubj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
valid page:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi latch:xcomp
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
mark lock:conj
handl mark:obl
true drop:amod
fals true:parataxis
drop fals:dep
lock request:nsubj
request drop:advcl
drop true:nsubj
true drop:advcl
true request:conj
standard open:nsubj
updat open:obl
unlock call:amod
call releas:nsubj
releas note:ccomp
lock releas:obj
lock held:nsubj
updat true:ccomp
fals true:dep
loggabl action:amod
log record:compound
log stream:compound
dirti clean:conj
base page return:obj
repres base page:acl
page number:compound
number repres:obj
result page:amod
page latch:nsubj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
base page return:obj
repres base page:acl
alloc page:compound
page number:compound
number repres:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
base page return:obj
repres base page:acl
page alloc:compound
alloc page:compound
valid page:amod
free page:amod
dealloc page:amod
page repres:obj
page initi:nsubj
standard initi:obl
derbi standard:compound
error polici:compound
polici standard:dep
creation inform:nmod
load tran:compound
tran recreat:obl
derbi standard:compound
error polici:dep
polici standard:amod
valid page:amod
page number:compound
number invalid:nsubj
invalid return:advcl
overflow invalid:conj
overflow return:advcl
null polici:amod
standard polici:compound
derbi polici:compound
standard polici:compound
error polici:compound
polici return:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
suitabl page:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
page creat:obj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
page dealloc:dep
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
drop mark:nmod
drop mark:conj
depend valu:case
input valu:compound
valu drop:advcl
reclaim remov:conj
space reclaim:obj
execut undon:advcl
oper undon:nsubj
oppos undon:advcl
drop oppos:obl
mark drop:acl
drop mark:advcl
roll drop:acl
roll mark:conj
oper call:nsubj
call commit:dep
post call:obl
clean commit:xcomp
leav stub commit:nsubj
true leav stub:amod
leav commit:dep
stub leav:obj
fals remov:advcl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi remov:xcomp
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
log version:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
persist storag:amod
storag flush:obl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
prepar grown:ccomp
implement support:nsubj
support happen:advcl
page prealloc:compound
prealloc happen:nsubj
happen threshold:dep
time happen:obj
page alloc:nsubj
alloc time:acl
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
backup path locat:amod
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
error polici:dep
polici derbi:amod
encrypt creat:dep
decrypt creat:dep
decrypt encrypt:conj
version encrypt:obj
file path file:compound
file handl:obj
store handl:advcl
encrypt version:nmod
decrypt encrypt:conj
standard derbi:compound
standard derbi:compound
derbi encrypt:iobj
error polici:compound
polici derbi:dep
drop state:amod
state set:xcomp
