modul start:obj
read version:compound
write version:compound
class util:compound
util standard:compound
standard polici:amod
derbi polici:compound
polici standard:dep
modul stop:obj
creat interfac:advcl
field interfac:nsubj
method field:appos
static code:compound
initi code:compound
code interfac:obj
constructor ad:nsubj
ad interfac:conj
jvm constant:compound
static modifi:nmod
public static:appos
default packag:compound
packag null:dep
modifi constant:compound
repres modifi:acl
visibl repres:obj
control repres:obj
control visibl:conj
method visibl:nmod
class super class:csubj
interfac class:conj
superinterfac superclass:conj
class builder:compound
builder superclass:dep
java type:compound
type id:compound
id cach:nmod
java java type:dep
translat type:compound
type handl:nsubj
string type:nmod
type string:nmod
int id:compound
id handl:obl
map opcod:amod
base entri:case
type entri:compound
operand stack:compound
stack type:nmod
entri opcod:nmod
privileg startup:compound
user code:compound
code call:nsubj
call privat:advcl
entri point:compound
point call:obj
