method find:nsubj
relationship find:obj
class relationship:nmod
method relationship:nmod
method class:conj
class find:obl
java treat:obl
languag class:compound
intern class:amod
defin understood:csubj
class file:compound
file format:compound
format defin:obl
object instanc:nsubj
class instanc:nmod
object test:nsubj
test class:acl
class instanc:nmod
true instanc:dep
obj class:nsubj
instanceof class:compound
fals class:amod
assign class:amod
class assign:obl
interfac class:amod
interfac assign:conj
assign class:acl
class assign:obj
true assign:advcl
object assign:nsubj
type class:compound
class object:nmod
object assign:obl
type class:compound
class object:nmod
fals assign:xcomp
class exist:nsubj
class exist:dep
test class:acl
exist test:obl
true exist:dep
class exist:nsubj
class access:nsubj
exist fals:dep
access exist:conj
access fals:dep
return type:compound
member type:nmod
method repres:obj
type repres:obj
type method:conj
member type:nmod
field repres:obj
repres member:acl
method repres:obj
return type:compound
java style:dep
languag style:compound
style string:compound
string describ:nsubj
describ return:advcl
return type:compound
type describ:obj
method type:nmod
int return:obj
public field:amod
field find:obj
class find:obl
java compil:compound
compil semant:nmod
field locat:obj
field exist:nsubj
exist rais:advcl
class exist:obl
packag class:nmod
privat class:amod
protect class:amod
protect privat:conj
error rais:nsubj
field hide:nsubj
field hide:obj
super class:amod
class field:nmod
super class:amod
interfac field:dep
jvm spec:compound
receiv field:compound
field static field:compound
static field:amod
field find:iobj
member find:obj
repres member:acl
match field:amod
field repres:obj
standard class:compound
class exist:nsubj
class public:nsubj
field class:conj
field exist:nsubj
public exist:conj
implement return:obl
parameter interfac:amod
interfac implement:nmod
bound return:obj
type variabl:compound
variabl return:obl
null return:xcomp
type resolut:compound
resolut fail:nsubj
fail return:advcl
true return:dep
method support:nsubj
constructor method:conj
constructor support:nsubj
support true:ccomp
vararg support:obj
implement return:obl
parameter interfac:amod
interfac implement:nmod
actual type:amod
type return:obj
interfac variabl:compound
type variabl:compound
variabl type:nmod
null return:obj
array return:obj
array null:conj
null array:nmod
type resolut:compound
resolut fail:nsubj
fail return:advcl
paramet type:compound
member method:dep
describ method:acl
method describ:obj
string method:dep
describ method:dep
paramet describ:obj
method paramet:nmod
type java:nsubj
java determin:ccomp
primit java:amod
int java:nmod
boolean type:amod
type java:nmod
type int:conj
java type:compound
true type:acl
primit type:amod
type true:ccomp
load class:dep
method convert:nsubj
languag class:compound
class object:compound
object convert:obl
case includ:obj
string includ:obl
primit type:amod
type string:dep
load attempt:xcomp
class load:obj
applic set:compound
set load:obl
secur thrown:nsubj
linkag secur:conj
linkag thrown:nsubj
load thrown:xcomp
class load:obj
signatur convert:obj
type signatur:nmod
prim type type:dep
type convert:obl
mix type flag:nsubj
show flag:acl
object convers:compound
primit type:amod
type convers:compound
candid method:compound
method compar:obj
pass compar:obl
pass resolut:compound
method resolut:compound
resolut pass:nmod
type paramet:obl
type prim type:nmod
class prim type:compound
prim type type:nmod
primit prim type:amod
type primit:obl
null type:amod
type prim type:conj
type class:nmod
class type:nmod
param paramet:nsubj
mix type mix:dep
mix type:amod
object type:compound
primit object:amod
comparison type:nmod
class convert:obj
class convert:advcl
mix type flag:nsubj
show flag:acl
object convers:compound
primit type:amod
type convers:compound
candid method:compound
method compar:obj
pass compar:obl
pass resolut:compound
method resolut:compound
resolut pass:nmod
mix type mix:nsubj
mix class:parataxis
object type:compound
primit type:amod
type mix:obj
comparison type:nmod
jvm style:compound
style descriptor:compound
type descriptor:compound
descriptor translat:obj
java style:compound
languag style:compound
style type:compound
string clazz:dep
jvm type:compound
java style:compound
languag style:compound
style type:compound
declar class:amod
method class:nmod
member method:dep
describ method:acl
method describ:obj
string describ:xcomp
declar class:amod
class string:nmod
type bound:compound
type variabl:compound
parameter type:amod
type variabl:nmod
singl type:amod
type variabl:compound
raw type:amod
bound type:acl
inherit chain:compound
chain construct:obj
type chain:nmod
stretch type:acl
supertyp stretch:obl
concret implement:amod
implement supertyp:nmod
inherit chain:compound
chain construct:obl
type chain:nmod
stretch construct:dep
superclass stretch:obl
termin class:amod
concret class:amod
class superclass:nmod
map construct:obj
generic type:amod
type map:nmod
resolv type:amod
type construct:obl
generic type:amod
type add:obl
paramet type:compound
type add:obj
evolv map:amod
map add:obl
resolv type:amod
type map:nmod
resolv type:amod
generic type:amod
type variabl:compound
generic type:amod
map compos:obl
resolv type:amod
type map:nmod
resolv compos:advcl
actual type:amod
concret type:amod
type resolv:obj
plug type:acl
parameter type:amod
type plug:obl
