static method:amod
method interfac:nsubj
write method:acl
read method:acl
read write:conj
compress form:amod
form write:obj
number form:nmod
data write:obl
data write:obl
format independ:nsubj
written format:acl
platform independ:obl
data interfac:nsubj
data remain:nsubj
interfac independ:advcl
remain independ:advcl
remain interfac:conj
fix remain:xcomp
product ship:nsubj
ship remain:advcl
format requir:nsubj
requir write:advcl
set write:obj
method set:nmod
format depend:nsubj
defin format:acl
store identifi:amod
format identifi:compound
identifi defin:obl
format depend:obl
chang format:amod
compress integ:amod
integ write:obj
support write:xcomp
sign valu:amod
valu support:obj
valu bit:compound
bit repres:obj
repres thrown:nsubj
valu repres:dep
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
valu repres:dep
method thrown:obl
compress integ:amod
integ write:obj
output stream write:obl
method thrown:obl
integ written:nsubj
written read:dep
write int written:obl
method thrown:obl
integ written:nsubj
written read:dep
write int written:obl
method thrown:obl
integ written:nsubj
written skip:dep
write int written:obl
method thrown:obl
number return:obj
byte number:nmod
written byte:acl
write int call:amod
call written:obl
compress long:amod
long write:obj
support write:xcomp
sign valu:amod
valu support:obj
valu bit:compound
bit repres:obj
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
repres thrown:nsubj
valu repres:dep
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
valu repres:dep
byte repres:dep
byte valu:conj
xxxxxxxx byte:dep
xxxxxxxx repres:compound
repres negat:nsubj
valu repres:dep
negat byte:acl
method thrown:obl
compress integ:amod
integ write:obj
support write:xcomp
sign valu:amod
valu support:obj
valu negat:nsubj
thrown negat:conj
method thrown:obl
long written:nsubj
written read:dep
write long written:obl
method thrown:obl
long written:nsubj
written read:dep
write long written:obl
method thrown:obl
