heap factori:compound
conglomer factori:compound
factori manag:nsubj
heap conglomer:compound
conglomer manag:obj
implement conglomer:acl
raw store:amod
store implement:obl
default properti:compound
properti return:obj
kind return:obl
conglomer kind:nmod
access method:compound
method implement:nsubj
implement return:ccomp
implement type:compound
type implement:obj
argument string:compound
string implement:advcl
implement type:compound
heap type:dep
primari type:amod
implement type:compound
type return:obj
access method:compound
method return:obl
implement type:compound
heap type:dep
access method:compound
method support:nsubj
support return:ccomp
format support:obj
suppli format:acl
argument suppli:obl
heap support:nsubj
format support:obj
primari format:amod
format return:obj
access support:compound
method support:compound
support return:obl
heap support:nsubj
format support:obj
number return:obj
rang return:obl
factori identifi:obj
conglomer depend:nsubj
conglomer chang:nsubj
depend code:acl
rang depend:obl
chang code:acl
chang depend:conj
handl chang:xcomp
larger rang:amod
rang handl:obj
hex digit:compound
conglomer type:compound
type number:nmod
consid type:acl
heap gist:compound
btree gist:dep
gist btree:compound
btree gist:dep
rtree gist:dep
hash rtree:appos
uniqu identifi:amod
conglomer creat:obj
return creat:conj
conglomer object:amod
object return:obj
polici standard:dep
interfac process:nsubj
call interfac:acl
undo call:advcl
insert undo:obl
class implement:nmod
raw store:amod
store call:obl
process store:acl
initi implement:amod
implement layer:nsubj
access layer:compound
queue space:compound
space layer:nmod
reclaim layer:xcomp
event reclaim:obj
row delet:nsubj
delet layer:advcl
part delet:obl
undo part:acl
origin insert:amod
insert undo:obl
undo happen:nsubj
lot happen:obj
applic happen:obl
generat happen:advcl
expect generat:dep
handl generat:dep
handl expect:conj
duplic error:amod
key error:amod
error expect:obj
caller decid:nsubj
call decid:xcomp
delet count:amod
row count:compound
count base:obl
page count:nmod
overflow column:compound
row column:compound
column present:nsubj
present call:dep
abort insert:amod
xact transact:compound
page key:compound
abort insert:amod
insert key:nmod
polici standard:dep
privileg monitor:compound
lookup monitor:dep
user code:compound
code call:nsubj
call privat:advcl
entri point:compound
point call:obj
