common class:amod
interact class:dep
jdbc cach:compound
statement cach:compound
cach interact:obl
logic prepar:advmod
prepar statement:amod
statement cach:nmod
logic callabl:advmod
callabl statement:amod
statement cach:nmod
check care:acl
logic statement:amod
statement close:nsubj
close check:advcl
physic statement:amod
valid care:acl
special treatment:amod
logic entiti:amod
entiti treatment:nmod
cach interact:compound
method call:nsubj
call reus:advcl
physic statement:amod
statement call:obl
perform call:xcomp
clean perform:obj
reus point:conj
thread safeti:compound
safeti note:nmod
class safeti:nmod
access guard:nsubj
physic access:nmod
physic access:nmod
instanc guard:obl
class instanc:nmod
oper synchron:nsubj
physic statement:amod
statement oper:nmod
synchron assum:ccomp
physic statement:amod
statement synchron:obl
callabl statement:amod
statement hold:obj
saniti check:compound
physic prepar:advmod
prepar statement:amod
statement sociat:dep
null close:advcl
logic entiti:amod
entiti close:nsubj
physic callabl:advmod
callabl sociat:dep
statement callabl:dep
conveni refer:compound
avoid refer:advcl
invoc cast:obl
logic entiti:amod
entiti repres:nsubj
repres cast:advcl
callabl statement:amod
statement repres:obj
logic entiti:amod
entiti owner:nmod
statement key:nmod
physic statement:amod
statement cach:nmod
logic entiti:amod
entiti creat:obj
stmt key key:compound
cach key:compound
key physic:parataxis
physic cach interactor:amod
statement cach interactor:compound
cach interactor key:dep
creat cach interactor:acl
statement interactor:compound
cach interactor:compound
interactor creat:obj
physic prepar:advmod
prepar statement:amod
statement return:dep
prepar statement:amod
physic callabl:advmod
callabl statement:amod
statement return:dep
callabl statement:amod
physic statement:amod
statement return:dep
logic statement:amod
statement close:obj
logic entiti:amod
entiti close:nsubj
possibl avoid:obj
rais possibl:acl
logic statement:amod
statement close:nsubj
close rais:advcl
invok avoid:conj
method invok:obj
physic statement:amod
statement invok:obl
instanc synchron:obl
call code:compound
code instanc:nmod
close true:dep
fals true:amod
open true:dep
instanc wrap:nsubj
wrap check:ccomp
object wrap:obj
implement object:acl
interfac implement:obj
class ifac:obj
defin ifac:xcomp
interfac defin:obj
true interfac:amod
instanc implement:compound
implement defin:obl
ifac implement:dep
fals defin:obl
fals implement:conj
instanc implement:compound
implement fals:dep
ifac implement:dep
instanc return:dep
interfac instanc:nmod
instanc wrapper:nsubj
wrapper interfac:dep
interfac wrapper:nmod
class ifac:obj
defin ifac:xcomp
interfac defin:obj
object interfac:dep
implement interfac:acl
interfac implement:obj
