sort implement:compound
sort memori:dep
extern merg:amod
arbitrari number:amod
number sort:obj
row number:nmod
current state:amod
state maintain:obj
sort state:nmod
defin sort:amod
preced valu:amod
valu state:nmod
sort start:nsubj
templat creat:nsubj
pass templat:dep
state initi:nsubj
initi valid:ccomp
scan initi:obl
null valid:dep
column order:compound
order creat:nsubj
pass order:dep
state initi:nsubj
initi valid:ccomp
scan initi:obl
null valid:dep
null emit:dep
column order:compound
order null:nsubj
row consid:nsubj
duplic consid:xcomp
sort emit:nsubj
singl row:amod
row emit:obj
lookup tabl:compound
speed tabl:acl
lookup speed:obj
column lookup:nmod
column compar:nsubj
compar find:advcl
lookup tabl:compound
speed tabl:acl
lookup speed:obj
cend lookup:acl
state cend:obj
column state:nmod
lookup tabl:compound
speed tabl:acl
lookup speed:obj
null lookup:nmod
order null:appos
column order:nmod
sort observ:compound
row expect:nsubj
expect creat:ccomp
pass expect:advcl
row insert:obj
sort insert:obl
field valid:nsubj
state insert:nsubj
insert valid:advcl
row return:obj
sort return:obl
field valid:nsubj
state scan:nsubj
scan valid:advcl
vector produc:nsubj
merg run:compound
run vector:nmod
merg insert produc:obl
merg run:compound
run produc:nsubj
produc null:advcl
id vector:nmod
order set:amod
leftov row:compound
row set:nmod
merg run:compound
run merg:acl
maximum number:amod
number hold:nsubj
entri number:nmod
sort buffer:compound
buffer entri:dep
minimum number:amod
number hold:nsubj
entri number:nmod
sort buffer:compound
buffer entri:dep
merg sort properti:obl
static initi:amod
merg sort initi:nmod
properti initi:obl
sort buffer properti:nmod
sort control:compound
control open:obj
implement support:nsubj
singl control:amod
sort control:compound
control support:obj
sort control:nmod
scan control:compound
control open:obj
row sourc:compound
sourc open:obj
sort drop:dep
column check:iobj
order column:acl
templat order:obl
column present:nsubj
templat present:obl
mention present:dep
null column:dep
call intend:xcomp
part call:obl
saniti check:compound
check part:nmod
column order:nsubj
data valu descriptor extend:nsubj
extend order:advcl
order extend:obj
order valid:nsubj
valid true:dep
fals true:amod
column agre:nsubj
column agre:nsubj
row column:nmod
agre check:ccomp
agre check:ccomp
column agre:obl
templat column:nmod
number agre:obl
type agre:obl
xxx nat:compound
nat check:nsubj
implement class:acl
column implement:obj
initi state:amod
insert close:nsubj
merg rid:obl
error process:compound
process call:obl
row remov:obj
sort buffer:compound
buffer remov:obl
store remov:conj
temporari conglomer:amod
conglomer store:obl
temporari conglomer:amod
conglomer run:nsubj
merg run:compound
merg run:compound
