messag implement:compound
servic implement:compound
messag locat:obj
substitut locat:conj
argument substitut:obj
messag paramet:compound
paramet argument:nmod
properti valu:compound
valu locat:obj
resourc mechan:compound
bundl mechan:compound
messag locat:obj
base key:case
key locat:advcl
prefer form:amod
form key:nsubj
resourc bundl:compound
bundl form:nmod
properti file:compound
file key:compound
map key:compound
messag key:nmod
messag transform:obj
messag transform:obl
actual error:amod
error transform:obl
warn transform:obl
warn error:conj
info messag:compound
messag transform:obl
messag error:conj
correct local:amod
argument pass:nsubj
messag argument:nmod
pass chang:ccomp
object array:compound
array pass:obl
object chang:nsubj
array object:nmod
class chang:obl
method act:nsubj
request local:amod
default local:compound
base class:compound
class local:conj
hash function:compound
split messag:compound
messag function:obl
file function:obl
base identifi:case
messag identifi:compound
identifi file:nmod
sql state file:nmod
sql state identifi:conj
releas vari:obl
provid vari:conj
distribut provid:obj
file provid:obl
