write chain start:nsubj
data flag:conj
true throw:advcl
start throw:csubj
write chain:compound
chain start:obj
disconnect throw:obj
write chain:compound
maximum time:amod
block time:compound
time specifi:obj
receiv send:conj
messag send:obj
timeout implement:nsubj
socket implement:compound
implement support:nmod
timeout support:compound
support depend:nsubj
timeout support:nmod
socket timeout:nmod
depend note:ccomp
implement depend:obl
reason ignor:obl
call thrown:obl
socket layer:compound
layer thrown:obl
timeout valu:compound
valu timeout:dep
valu correspond:nsubj
infinit timeout:amod
timeout correspond:obl
current valu:amod
timeout valu:compound
valu return:dep
set return:acl
socket set:obl
support depend:nsubj
timeout support:nmod
socket timeout:nmod
depend note:ccomp
implement depend:obl
reason ignor:obl
call thrown:obl
socket layer:compound
layer thrown:obl
timeout valu:compound
valu correspond:nsubj
agent chain:nmod
write chain:compound
chain mark:dep
dirti mark:dep
write chain:compound
chain dirti:nsubj
dirti chain:amod
write chain:compound
chain reset:nsubj
chain reus:nsubj
reus reset:conj
request reset:obl
remain data:amod
write chain:compound
dirti chain:amod
chain reset:obj
unfinish request:amod
request append:obl
server append:obl
lead server:acl
cryptic error:amod
syntax error:compound
error lead:obl
current manag:amod
ccsid manag:compound
manag switch:obj
current manag:amod
ccsid manag:compound
manag switch:obj
ebcdic switch:obl
