sql clob repres:nsubj
clob valu:compound
valu repres:obj
collat repres:obl
clob support:compound
collat oper:nmod
header generat:compound
older databas:compound
header generat:compound
maximum number:amod
byte number:nmod
stream header:compound
header generat:compound
stream descriptor:nmod
true null:acl
descriptor hase:compound
hase construct:nsubj
construct true:advcl
check note:appos
store inform:acl
descriptor store:obl
databas access:nsubj
soft mode:amod
upgrad mode:compound
mode access:obl
clone return:dep
clob valu:compound
valu clone:nmod
binari type:amod
type larg:obl
clob larg:nsubj
stream clone:obj
valu materi:obj
memori materi:obl
forc materi materi:nsubj
stream forc materi:dep
repres forc materi:acl
data valu:compound
valu repres:obj
data valu:compound
valu true:appos
clob valu:compound
valu clone:nmod
string data valu rule base collat:compound
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
charact length:compound
length return:dep
clob length:nmod
valu store:nsubj
store read:advcl
stream store:obl
stream header:compound
header read:nsubj
stream header:compound
stream length:compound
stream decod:nsubj
determin decod:xcomp
length determin:obj
charact length:compound
clob length:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
descriptor return:dep
input stream:compound
stream descriptor:nmod
clob valu:compound
valu stream:nmod
header data:compound
current posit:amod
posit data:appos
stream buffer:nsubj
stream capabl:nsubj
reposit capabl:advcl
method return:compound
return posit:advcl
stream posit:nsubj
charact posit:compound
read return:nsubj
return posit:ccomp
charact return:obj
stream return:obl
stream descriptor:nmod
includ stream:acl
refer includ:obj
stream includ:obl
valu repres:nsubj
repres return:csubj
stream repres:obl
null stream:amod
descriptor return:obl
clob valu:compound
stream repres:obl
true repres:nsubj
valu true:nmod
stream repres:obl
fals stream:amod
trace represent:compound
clob represent:nmod
debug clob:nmod
trace represent:compound
clob represent:nmod
normal method:compound
method call:nsubj
call method:parataxis
put call:advcl
valu put:obj
sql clob insert:obl
insert put:advcl
sql clob column:compound
column insert:obl
sql standard:compound
standard result:obl
clob column:compound
valu hold:obj
insert valu:acl
truncat error:compound
error result:nsubj
trail result:advcl
trail blank:amod
blank truncat:nmod
desir type type:amod
normal type:dep
sourc column:compound
column normal:obj
sourc valu normal:obl
valu type:dep
normal valu:acl
standard normal:obj
thrown standard:acl
thrown standard:acl
null thrown:advcl
column thrown:obl
truncat error:compound
error thrown:obl
stream set:obj
clob stream:nmod
valu set:obj
object set:obl
clob valu:compound
data valu:compound
valu write:obj
destin stream:compound
stream write:obl
modifi format:amod
utf format:compound
destin stream:compound
stream header:compound
header generat:compound
generat return:dep
clob generat:nmod
guarante met:advcl
success generat:amod
generat guarante:obj
met note:appos
header time:compound
eof header:conj
eof time:compound
generat time:compound
time met:obl
set stream header format met:obj
invok set stream header format:acl
header generat:compound
generat obtain:nsubj
obtain invok:advcl
generat time:compound
time context:nmod
mode determin:nsubj
obtain determin:dep
databas context:compound
context obtain:obj
consult determin:dep
consult obtain:conj
data dictionari:compound
dictionari consult:obj
stream header:compound
header generat:compound
databas access:nsubj
soft mode:amod
upgrad mode:compound
mode access:obl
soft upgrad mode access:dep
true soft upgrad mode:amod
databas access:nsubj
soft mode:amod
upgrad mode:compound
mode access:obl
fals mode:amod
unknown null:dep
header investig:obj
return investig:conj
length inform:compound
inform return:obj
hdr number:dep
raw byte:amod
header byte:compound
byte hdr:obj
byte read number:amod
byte number:nmod
written number:acl
raw header:amod
header array:compound
byte array:compound
array written:obl
inform number:dep
obtain inform:acl
header obtain:obl
materi read:conj
clob valu:compound
valu materi:obj
stream materi:obl
sourc stream:compound
stream invalid:obl
stream header:compound
header invalid:nsubj
materi read:conj
clob valu:compound
valu materi:obj
stream materi:obl
sourc stream:compound
stream invalid:obl
stream header:compound
header invalid:nsubj
stream rewind:obj
skip rewind:conj
number skip:obj
byte number:nmod
input stream:compound
rewind stream:acl
offset rewind:dep
number offset:obj
byte number:nmod
skip offset:advcl
holder class:compound
class gather:nsubj
header inform:compound
inform class:nmod
raw header:amod
byte header:compound
header gather:obl
stream header:nmod
length valu:dep
byte valu:obl
charact valu:obl
charact byte:conj
header length:compound
byte length:nmod
header object:compound
info object:compound
object creat:obj
header length:compound
length valu length:nsubj
byte length:nmod
valu length:compound
length valu length:iobj
char length:dep
byte length:dep
byte char:conj
header length:compound
length return:dep
byte length:nmod
number occupi:nsubj
byte number:nmod
header occupi:obl
charact length:compound
length return:dep
encod return:acl
header encod:obl
posit integ:amod
charact count:compound
count encod:nsubj
encod integ:dep
header encod:obl
byte length:compound
length inform:compound
byte length:compound
length return:dep
encod return:acl
header encod:obl
posit integ:amod
byte count:compound
count encod:nsubj
encod integ:dep
header encod:obl
charact length:compound
length inform:compound
encod length:amod
length charact:nsubj
byte charact:conj
header true:nmod
charact count:compound
fals count:amod
byte count:compound
textual represent:amod
represent return:dep
