sql integ repres:nsubj
integ valu:compound
valu repres:obj
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
thrown sql:acl
error sql:nmod
valu set:obj
prepar statement set:obl
sql error:compound
set error:dep
valu set:obj
prepar statement valu:nmod
valu set:obj
result set set:obl
method call:nsubj
valu call:obl
thrown sql:acl
result set object:compound
object thrown:obl
arg constructor:compound
requir constructor:acl
formatt requir:obl
thrown standard:acl
string accept:nsubj
accept thrown:advcl
thrown standard:acl
overflow thrown:obj
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error standard:nmod
oper call:nsubj
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
valu side:acl
side valu:obl
sql side:acl
boolean valu:amod
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper modul:amod
call oper:dep
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos modul:amod
storag oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
call modul:amod
languag call:obl
modul oper:nmod
oppos modul:dep
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand standard:compound
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper modul:amod
call oper:dep
languag call:obl
oppos modul:amod
storag oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand greater:nsubj
operand standard:compound
standard greater:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand equal:nsubj
operand standard:compound
standard equal:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper call:nsubj
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
operand greater:nsubj
operand equal:nsubj
equal greater:conj
operand standard:compound
standard equal:obl
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
oper implement:obj
int oper:nmod
valu multipli:nsubj
multipli left:ccomp
valu multipli:obj
result multipli:iobj
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method multipli:obl
null call:dep
call multipli:xcomp
sql integ thrown:nsubj
multipl standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown left:parataxis
error thrown:obl
mod int:dep
method implement:nsubj
unari implement:obj
oper unari:nmod
int implement:obl
previous call:amod
call result:nmod
method call:nmod
null call:acl
call null:dep
sql integ call:obj
divis standard:compound
standard result:nmod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
method implement:nsubj
negat method:amod
method implement:obj
negat return:advcl
true return:xcomp
posit valu:amod
valu return:obl
null valu:conj
null return:obl
fals return:xcomp
