clob represent:compound
oper represent:acl
stream oper:obl
derbi modul:compound
store modul:compound
modul oper:obl
stream expect:nsubj
store stream:nmod
expect note:ccomp
length encod:compound
byte number:nmod
derbi specif:dep
specif marker:amod
marker present:nsubj
marker expect:nsubj
clob releas:nsubj
store stream:nmod
byte read:obj
databas read:obl
requir support:obj
stream implement:nsubj
reset implement:obj
sourc stream:compound
stream describ:obj
connect belong:nsubj
child connect:dep
clob connect:dep
access synchron:obj
store stream:compound
stream synchron:obl
share close:nsubj
intern reader:amod
reader share:dep
clob releas:nsubj
releas close:advcl
perform optim:compound
stream share:nsubj
share optim:conj
time oper:compound
oper share:obl
instanc string:compound
string call:nsubj
call share:advcl
subset read:nsubj
clob subset:nmod
optim avoid:nsubj
avoid read:conj
reposit avoid:xcomp
cost reposit:obj
store support:nsubj
support reposit:parataxis
random access:amod
access support:obj
lob support:obl
publish note:appos
reader publish:obj
user publish:obl
intern reader:amod
reader wrap:nsubj
close wrap:advcl
clob creat:obj
base stream:case
stream creat:advcl
store stream:nmod
clob sourc:nmod
interfac implement:obj
reset interfac:dep
stream interfac:compound
store interfac:nmod
stream advanc:nsubj
advanc reset:advcl
user request:compound
request advanc:obl
stream reset:nsubj
start reset:conj
csd descriptor:compound
descriptor con child:nsubj
sourc stream:compound
stream descriptor:nmod
includ refer:case
refer descriptor:nmod
con child belong:dep
connect con child:obj
child con child:dep
clob belong:nsubj
number return:dep
charact number:nmod
clob charact:nmod
charact number:nmod
clob charact:nmod
cach count:amod
charact count:compound
count return:dep
clob count:nmod
charact number:nmod
clob charact:nmod
stream return:dep
serv return:acl
raw byte:amod
byte serv:obj
clob byte:nmod
note stream:csubj
stream return:nsubj
return note:ccomp
intern stream:amod
pulish stream:conj
stream initi:nsubj
serv stream:acl
byte serv:obj
clob byte:nmod
byte initi:obl
data byte:nmod
buffer assum:nsubj
unbuff assum:xcomp
reader initi:nsubj
clob reader:nmod
initi return:dep
charact posit:compound
posit initi:obl
charact posit:compound
posit pos:dep
charact posit:nsubj
reader initi:nsubj
posit initi:obl
intern reader:amod
reader initi:nsubj
clob reader:nmod
initi return:dep
charact posit:compound
posit initi:obl
charact posit base:obl
base posit:amod
charact posit:compound
reader initi:nsubj
posit initi:obl
updat count:compound
count return:dep
clob count:nmod
return updat:nsubj
clob return:nmod
clob read:obj
clob releas:nsubj
releas true:dep
fals true:amod
clob modifi:nsubj
fals read:ccomp
clob read:nsubj
sql avoid:nsubj
avoid wrap:dep
chang avoid:xcomp
state chang:obj
connect child:compound
child state:nmod
clean chang:advcl
transact sql:compound
context sql:compound
cleanup sql:compound
sql ignor:obl
wrap sql:acl
clob releas:nsubj
oper invalid:nsubj
releas clob:amod
clob invalid:obl
