generic method:amod
method call:nsubj
call safe:parataxis
client call:obl
transact client:nmod
tabl safe:nsubj
visit entri:amod
entri interfac:nmod
transact tabl:compound
tabl entri:nmod
return iff:compound
fals iff:amod
transact iff:dep
quiesc state:compound
transact chang:obj
updat chang:advcl
add chang:advcl
add updat:conj
updat transact:compound
transact updat:obj
tabl updat:obl
transact tran:obj
ad tran:advcl
transact status ad:obj
transact status:compound
status transact status:dep
store transact status:acl
xact record:compound
log record:compound
record store:obl
updat transact:compound
transact safe:nsubj
safe chang:xcomp
vector safe:nsubj
safe chang:advcl
transact method:compound
tabl method:compound
transact chang:obj
prepar chang:advcl
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
transact find:obj
tabl find:obl
perform call:obl
linear search:amod
transact context manag:nmod
search context manag:acl
global transact:amod
transact search:nsubj
call safe:dep
system quiesc:nsubj
quiesc call:advcl
true return:dep
updat true:ccomp
databas updat:nsubj
transact start:nsubj
commit transact:acl
caller commit:obj
routin caller:nmod
transact stop:obj
start stop:advcl
call method:acl
checkpoint method:nmod
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
read problem:dep
transact tabl:compound
tabl read:obj
call method:acl
recoveri method:nmod
read problem:dep
transact problem:compound
tabl problem:compound
class problem:compound
problem read:obj
read problem:acl
transact tabl:compound
tabl read:obj
largest transact:amod
updat transact:compound
transact return:obj
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
activ transact:amod
intern transact:amod
transact tabl:compound
tabl transact:nmod
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
prepar transact:amod
recov transact:acl
dur recov:xcomp
recoveri dur:obj
transact tabl:compound
tabl recoveri:nmod
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
prepar transact:amod
transact tabl:compound
tabl transact:nmod
call unsaf:acl
boot call:obl
singl boot:acl
thread unsaf:acl
prepar transact:amod
transact tabl:compound
tabl transact:nmod
unsaf boot:ccomp
caller boot:nsubj
singl boot:acl
thread singl:dep
true recov:xcomp
search true:xcomp
transact search:obl
prepar transact:acl
recoveri prepar:obl
tranact recov:obj
fals search:nsubj
prepar transacton:amod
transacton search:obl
prepar transact:amod
transact true:dep
recov true:dep
recov transact:conj
recov true:csubj
argument recov:obj
true recov:advcl
ad transact:amod
intern xact transact:dep
transact tabl:compound
pass transact:amod
transact assum:nsubj
ident assum:obj
sku resolv:obj
intern transact:amod
revers order:amod
order roll:obl
physic roll:advcl
natur physic:obl
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
ad transact:amod
transact tabl:compound
pass transact:amod
transact assum:nsubj
ident assum:obj
prepar transact:amod
transact undon:nsubj
sku resolv:obj
normal transact:amod
user transact:compound
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
ad transact:amod
recoveri prepar:obl
transact tabl:compound
tabl recoveri:dep
pass transact:amod
transact assum:nsubj
ident assum:obj
turn routin:acl
recoveri state:compound
state turn:obl
prepar handl:xcomp
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
ad transact:compound
oldest ad:dep
raw transact log:nmod
safe log:amod
caller recoveri:nsubj
checkpoint recoveri:conj
find assum:csubj
transact find:obj
pass transact:amod
ident assum:obj
properti assum:obj
properti ident:conj
transact ident:nmod
unsaf recoveri:ccomp
caller recoveri:nsubj
singl recoveri:acl
thread singl:dep
tran fals:dep
transact tran:obj
transact assum:obj
relev inform:amod
inform tran:obj
inform transact:conj
store inform:acl
transact tabl:compound
tabl store:obl
true store:xcomp
transact vti:dep
tabl vti:compound
vti unsaf:dep
unsaf caller:amod
snap shot:compound
inconsist shot:acl
printabl version:amod
transact tabl:compound
tabl version:nmod
