class describ:nsubj
compil describ:dep
constant compil:obj
pass constant:acl
updat result set pass:obl
class implement:nsubj
format implement:obj
major releas:amod
minor major:conj
minor releas:amod
store written:dep
prepar statement:amod
statement store:xcomp
replic stage:compound
stage store:dep
read write extern:compound
write extern chang:obj
row object:compound
locat object:compound
object array:nmod
base object:dep
tabl column:nmod
column tabl:nsubj
autoincr tabl:compound
tabl point:advcl
array point:nsubj
row locat:compound
locat point:obl
column locat:nmod
syscolumn column:nmod
public constructor:amod
nilad constructor:amod
format interfac:amod
target tabl:compound
autoincr column:compound
tabl column:nsubj
column true:dep
row locat:compound
error class:compound
class thrown:obl
thrown class:acl
correspond format:acl
class correspond:obl
class format:obl
desir column:amod
taget tabl:compound
tabl column:nmod
column number:compound
target tabl:compound
increment valu:compound
column valu:nmod
column number:compound
