user defin:obl
defin type:amod
type instanc:nmod
java object:compound
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
thrown standard:acl
failur thrown:obl
convert thrown:xcomp
standard thrown:nsubj
failur thrown:obl
standard thrown:nsubj
failur thrown:obl
standard thrown:nsubj
failur thrown:obl
overrid valu:appos
class pass:obl
user java:compound
java type:compound
format identifi:compound
identifi return:obj
write error:dep
data write:obj
thrown read:parataxis
error thrown:obl
object class:compound
class read:obj
thrown class:acl
object class:nmod
thrown sql:acl
error sql:nmod
order standard:amod
interfac standard:compound
thrown standard:acl
failur standard:nmod
standard thrown:nsubj
error thrown:obl
arg constructor:compound
requir constructor:acl
formatt requir:obl
oper call:nsubj
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos call:advcl
storag modul:compound
modul oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
valu side:acl
side valu:obl
sql side:acl
boolean valu:amod
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
oper modul:amod
call oper:dep
languag modul:compound
modul call:obl
oppos modul:amod
storag oppos:obl
valu left:dep
left side:amod
side left:obl
oper side:nmod
side valu:nmod
oper side:nmod
sql valu:compound
boolean valu:amod
paramet standard:nsubj
equal standard:amod
thrown standard:acl
error thrown:obl
valu null:nsubj
null check:advcl
valu null:nsubj
