null data 
initi cach 
sql 
put 
string 
check close statement 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
check close statement 
check valid column index 
cast 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
nullabl sql type 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 
sql 

assign column 
assign column 
put 
scale 
precis 
client messag 
