set virtual column 
add element 
result column 
result column 
expand column 
generat core 
generat core 
generat evalu row 
push method refer 
gen creat row 
field 
method return 
complet 
set column 
build row templat 
push execut factori express 
push 
call method 
set field 
statement num hit limit 
copi order select 
gen virtual column node 
verifi uniqu 
copi result column 
tabl 
result column list 
sort posit 
common code updat cursor 
common code updat cursor 
result column 
updat cursor 
set type 
add result column 
current row locat node 
result column 
mark generat 
add result column 
compil context 
creat depend 
result column 
forbid overrid 
size 
size 
num generat column 
size 
size 
size 
size 
size 
column 
size 
size 
size 
size 
size 
format bit set 
size 
size 
size 
size 
user expr fun 
field declar 
size 
constructor 
size 
execut factori 
valu row 
index descriptor 
base column posit 
execut factori 
valu row 
row locat templat 
exec row builder 
constructor 
languag connect context 
data dictionari 
transact compil 
open conglomer 
size 
size 
size 
size 
size 
size 
result column list 
size 
size 
result column list 
size 
size 
size 
count mismatch 
size 
visibl size 
type 
type 
class factori 
type compil 
storabl 
type compil 
storabl 
boolean type 
boolean type 
visibl size 
size 
sort posit 
column descriptor list 
size 
size 
size 
empti 
size 
size 
size 
format bit set 
size 
base column node 
result column 
size 
column map 
size 
format bit set 
result column list 
size 
result column list 
size 
size 
size 
size 
default descriptor 
context manag 
result column 
size 
size 
size 
size 
type 
built type 
virtual column 
streamabl type 
set virtual column 
element 
collaps virtual column gap 
element 
set 
set generat 
bind express 
set element 
bind result column express 
element 
bind result column 
bind result column 
set 
result column 
set column descriptor 
set virtual column 
element 
bind result column posit 
set element 
element 
check storabl express 
check storabl express 
element 
field 
push 
call method 
set column 
set column 
row locat templat 
execut factori 
result column descriptor 
guarante column 
add result column 
remov element 
adjust virtual column 
express 
remov element 
reject paramet 
set result set number 
set redund 
column refer 
set type 
set tabl number 
set express 
set type 
element 
column posit 
element 
add result column 
type untyp null express 
mark updat 
element 

express 
column number 
set 
pull virtual referenc 
clear tabl 
maximum column size 
set unreferenc 
element 
set nullabl 
add element 
element 
set virtual column 

column descriptor 
posit 

verifi order 
column descriptor 
column 
column 
add result column 
size 
destruct append 
nondestruct append 
size 
size 
close 

assert 
context manag 
assert 
assert 
context manag 
assert 

assert 
mark updat cursor 
context manag 
context manag 
context manag 
string 
stream storabl 
element 
column posit 
element 
express 
express 
sourc result set 
equal 
element 
element 
equal 
equal 
updat 
visibl size 
visibl size 
element 
element 
element 
element 
column posit 
set 
element 

add 
column descriptor 
element 
element 
type 
stream storabl 
generat claus 
express 
express 
null 
statement num hit limit 
autoincr generat 
express 
express 
null 
type servic 
null 
column descriptor 
type 
null 
size 
num bit set 
ani set bit 
express 
cach mode 
size 
element 
generat 
column type length match 
element 
element 
generat 
generat 
column type length match 
element 
express 
express 
element 
element 
referenc 
express 
express 
sourc column 
referenc 
generat 

add 
result column 
type 
type 
type 
xml type 
updat 
updat column 
element 
element 
express 
express 
autoincr generat 
autoincr generat 
type 
type 
class factori 
union compat 
type servic 
domin type 

generat 

element 
element 
type servic 
exact type length match 
updat 
column posit 
posit 
column posit 
element 
element 
sourc tabl 
express 
express 
column 
equal 

column 
express 
express 
result column 
express 
cloneabl 
express 
element 
referenc 
element 
referenc 
element 
equal 
express 
express 
tabl number 
referenc 
referenc 
set 
element 
referenc 
column count 
outer join claus 
express 
size 
size 
express 
outer join claus 
express 
element 
referenc 
element 
referenc 

result column 

result column 
express 
express 
element 
size 
element 
element 
default column 
autoincr generat 
default column 
element 
tabl column descriptor 
generat claus 
autoincr 
element 
generat 
element 
generat 
group column 
element 
generat 
group column 
element 
column posit 
visibl size 
visibl size 
number column 
index 
size 
context manag 
context manag 
size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
size 
size 
size 
add column 
context manag 
context manag 
context manag 
context manag 
data dictionari 
column refer 
type 

set referenc 
set referenc 
equal 
column match 
equal 
column match 

generat 
assert 


preprocess 
field 
push 
generat express 
cast 
call method 
push 
push 
push 
call method 
field 
push 
call method 
generat null express 
generat express 
cast 
set column 
set column 
ani set bit 
element 
expand 
result column 
remov element 
size 
mark initi size 
guarante column 
element 
set virtual column 
express 
sourc column 
express 
sourc 
clone 
set referenc 
add element 
set referenc 
element 



reset autoincr generat 


context manag 
copi field 
set nest level 
set sourc level 
type servic 
domin type 
column refer 
bind result column posit 
mark updat cursor 
mark updat 

result column 
mark updat cursor 
set express 
tabl number 
set unreferenc 
add element 
add element 
set 

set 
add result column 
assert 
remov element 
assert 

set default column 

remov element 
express 
throwassert 
throwassert 

throwassert 
size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
size 
visibl size 
size 
size 
throwassert 
nullabl 
column type 
variabl length 
data type descriptor 
unexpect user 
default text 
languag connect context 
compil context 
element 
put 

tabl 
equal 


generat 
express 
equal 
tabl number 
equival 
express 
equal 
equival 


virtual column 
type 
tabl column descriptor 
express 
correl 
join result set 
virtual column 
express 
tabl object 
size 
express 

type servic 
generat 

equal 
type servic 

express 
sourc 
express 
sourc column 

express 
type servic 
type servic 
class 

class 


column posit 
sourc result set 
correl 
express 
correl 
express 
correl 
express 
size 
autoincr 
default info 
generat column 
generat claus 
default column 
autoincr generat 
autoinc alway 
posit 
insert element 

column display size 
column 
set referenc 

sourc column 

remov element 
dec order select 
clear ad column offset 
collaps virtual column gap 
sourc column 

number column 



assert 



method call 
java class 
field 
push 
push column refer 
cast 
cast 
call method 
cast 
push 
call method 
condit 
push column refer 
cast 
start els code 
push column refer 
cast 
complet condit 
cast 
call method 
throwassert 
column posit 
tabl column descriptor 
autoinc 
type compil 
type servic 
collat type 
row locat templat 
type 
tabl 
element 
context manag 
throwassert 
adjust virtual column 

sql type 
sql type 
type servic 
set 
set generat 
set 
guarante column 
set generat 
column 
posit 
express 
remap column refer express 
user defin type 
built type 
decim type 
precis 
decim type 
scale 
set correl 
updat array 
updat array 
set 
qualifi 

column descriptor 
column descriptor 

set autoincr generat 
set default 
set express 
set default column 

set column descriptor 
set column descriptor 
sourc result set 
tabl number 
column number 
visibl size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
visibl size 
size 
tabl 
qualifi tabl 
qualifi tabl 
join result set 
result column 
join result set 
result set number 
type compil 
interfac 
correl 
schema 
tabl 

sourc column 
sourc 
express 
express 
element 
autoinc alway 
set referenc 
assert 
element 
string 
column posit 
throwassert 
type compil 
interfac 
type compil 
interfac 
type compil 
interfac 
virtual column 
express 
class 


throwassert 
column type 

qualifi 
untyp null constant node 

tabl descriptor 
tabl descriptor 

throwassert 
tabl number 

equal 
built data type descriptor 
type 
sourc column 
class 
context manag 

tabl column descriptor 
posit 
sourc column 
column posit 
alia 
outer join claus 
assert 
sourc column 
virtual column 
virtual column 
equal 
set referenc 
sourc column 

assert 
sourc column 

