abstract implement:amod
visitor implement:nmod
deleg call:nsubj
visit deleg:dep
call visitor:acl
default handler:compound
handler call:obl
overridden handler:acl
default handler:compound
handler visit:nsubj
command handler:nmod
visit method:compound
method call:obl
call method:acl
visit command:compound
command overridden:nsubj
overridden call:advcl
ctx command:compound
invoc command:compound
context command:compound
handl command:acl
return valu:compound
valu handl:obj
helper method:compound
visit method:dep
collect visit:obj
visit command collect:nmod
ctx collect:compound
invoc collect:compound
context collect:compound
visit collect:compound
command collect:nmod
visit collect:acl
