basic util:amod
reflect util:compound
util enhanc:nsubj
set return:dep
method set:nmod
method annot:compound
public includ:obj
protect public:acl
packag includ:obj
packag public:conj
privat method:amod
method includ:obj
method public:conj
includ note:ccomp
overridden method:amod
method includ:obj
inspect class:acl
annot type inspect:obj
type class:dep
annot type:nmod
method object:compound
object list:nmod
requir object:acl
inject requir:obj
set return:dep
method set:nmod
method annot:compound
public includ:obj
protect public:acl
packag includ:obj
packag public:conj
privat method:amod
method includ:obj
method public:conj
interfac includ:conj
inspect class:acl
annot type inspect:obj
type class:dep
annot type:nmod
method object:compound
object list:nmod
requir object:acl
inject requir:obj
class inspect:obj
superclass inspect:obj
superclass class:conj
object inspect:obl
method instanc:compound
instanc object:nmod
privat identifi:obj
packag identifi:obj
packag privat:conj
protect method:amod
method identifi:obj
method privat:conj
overridden test:appos
method exist:nsubj
inspect method:acl
collect inspect:obj
method collect:nmod
true method:amod
method invok:obj
access manner:amod
manner invok:advcl
method instanc:compound
boolean instanc:amod
method execut:obj
paramet execut:obj
valu retriev:obj
field valu:nmod
object instanc:compound
instanc field:nmod
reflect instanc:compound
inspect retriev:advcl
retriev inspect:advcl
valu retriev:obj
class inspect:obj
pass class:acl
class level:compound
level annot:compound
annot pass:obl
method inspect:nsubj
method interfac:nsubj
superclass inspect:obj
interfac inspect:conj
find interfac:advcl
requir annot:amod
annot find:obj
null return:dep
clazz class:amod
inspect class:acl
ann annot:compound
annot inspect:obj
search inspect:advcl
class level:compound
level annot:compound
annot instanc:compound
null instanc:conj
test present:nsubj
annot test:nmod
class present:obl
order class:nsubj
test order:acl
class fals:dep
interfac class:acl
superclass clazz:nsubj
clazz interfac:ccomp
class clazz:obj
test clazz:advcl
annot test:obj
