run time statist mode 
xplain onli mode 
close 
open core 
attach statement context 
check statement valid 
attach statement context 
attach statement context 
attach statement context 
attach statement context 
row core 
attach statement context 
attach statement context 
finish rts 
time spent 
text messag 
time spent 
text messag 
time spent 
text messag 
text messag 
text messag 
text messag 
text messag 
activ 
languag connect context 
execut factori 
throw 
children xml 
set attribut 
substr 
find result set field 
find result set field 
languag connect context 
statist time 
languag connect context 
xplain onli mode 
column 
row array 
languag connect context 
statement context 
cancel 
creat element 

compar 
open core 
current time milli 
elaps milli 
throwassert 
throwassert 
throwassert 
check statement valid 

throwassert 

throwassert 

throwassert 

throwassert 


throwassert 

throwassert 

throwassert 
close 
set top result set 
set activ 
throwassert 
languag connect context 
transact execut 
set compat row 

xml 
strip packag 
class 
size 

type 
close 
singl execut 
stack 
num bit set 
ani set bit 
result set 

add 
class 

class 

class 

throwassert 
throwassert 
class 

throwassert 
class 

throwassert 
class 

throwassert 
class 

throwassert 
throwassert 
throwassert 
throwassert 
close 
close 
languag connect context 
statement context 
subqueri track array 
class 

ani set bit 
row array 
set warn 
add warn 
class 

column 
type 
type 
languag connect context 
languag connect factori 
execut factori 
set column 
set attribut 
set attribut 
xml 
add 
index row 
valu row 
creat element 
strip packag 
length 
type 



type 

set attribut 
xml 
string 
