modif timestamp:compound
resourc timestamp:nmod
url connect obtain:obj
file obtain:obl
filesystem file:nmod
jar file:nmod
jar filesystem:conj
resourc path path:dep
relat resourc path:dep
servlet resourc path:obl
resourc path:compound
filestamp modifi:xcomp
error occur:nsubj
occur modifi:xcomp
occur filestamp:conj
jvm startup:compound
system startup:compound
startup modifi:xcomp
startup filestamp:conj
timestamp startup:dep
uniqu identifi:amod
identifi generat:obj
current state:amod
state identifi:nmod
resourc state:nmod
string hash:nsubj
hash result:compound
result format:nsubj
format hash:conj
return format:ccomp
null return:advcl
null return:nsubj
hash sourc tag:dep
string sourc:compound
sourc hash sourc:dep
hash hash sourc:dep
strong tag:amod
weak strong:conj
weak tag:amod
entiti tag:compound
set weak:dep
true set:advcl
weak tag:amod
entiti tag:compound
hash result:amod
format hash:conj
format result:amod
entiti result:compound
tag result:compound
uniqu identifi:amod
identifi generat:obj
current state:amod
state identifi:nmod
resourc state:nmod
byte hash:nsubj
hash result:compound
result format:nsubj
format hash:conj
return format:ccomp
null return:advcl
null return:nsubj
string sourc:compound
sourc hash sourc:dep
hash sourc:acl
set weak:dep
true set:advcl
weak tag:amod
entiti tag:compound
hash result:amod
format hash:conj
format result:amod
entiti result:compound
tag result:compound
