author secur:compound
authent author:conj
authent secur:compound
seam author:nmod
secur api:nmod
base implement:compound
implement support:nsubj
role base:obl
base author:amod
author support:obj
subclass add:nsubj
sophist mechan:amod
permiss mechan:compound
mechan add:obj
authent process:acl
simpl check:amod
return check:acl
true return:xcomp
user log:nsubj
log return:advcl
attempt log:advcl
authent attempt:xcomp
true authent:xcomp
user log:nsubj
log authent:advcl
authent attempt:xcomp
user credenti:nmod
credenti set:nsubj
set authent:advcl
authent set:conj
quiet authent:amod
authent throw:nsubj
authent fail:nsubj
fail throw:advcl
user log:nsubj
log true:dep
fals true:parataxis
author check:compound
check perform:obj
base express:case
secur express:compound
express perform:advcl
secur express:compound
express evalu:nsubj
user evalu:obj
user authent:nsubj
authent attempt:acl
user authent:obj
method distinct:nsubj
authent method:compound
method distinct:obl
rais distinct:advcl
event rais:obj
respons event:nmod
authent success:nsubj
success distinct:advcl
event rais:nsubj
call rais:advcl
login call:obj
authent success:nsubj
success rais:advcl
authent fail:nsubj
authent null:nsubj
fail rais:advcl
rais fail:xcomp
user authent:nsubj
authent rais:ccomp
string return:compound
return authent:obj
log authent:xcomp
user authent:nsubj
authent fail:advcl
null rais:advcl
null fail:conj
attempt suppress:nsubj
attempt creat:nsubj
quiet login:amod
login attempt:dep
creat suppress:conj
face messag:compound
messag creat:obj
method intend:nsubj
intern call:amod
api call:compound
role clear:obj
ad role:acl
call ad:advcl
add role call:obj
authent clear:obl
method overridden:nsubj
subclass overridden:obl
logic occur:nsubj
occur overridden:advcl
princip extract:dep
subject extract:dep
popul extract:dep
popul subject:conj
role popul:obj
authent user:amod
user role:nmod
method overridden:nsubj
subclass overridden:obl
logic occur:nsubj
occur overridden:advcl
secur state:compound
state reset:obj
credenti reset:obj
credenti state:conj
authent user:amod
user member:nsubj
member check:dep
role member:nmod
role string:compound
check string:acl
boolean member:nsubj
true member:dep
user member:nsubj
member check:xcomp
role member:nmod
role add:obj
authent user:amod
user add:obl
user log:nsubj
log ad:advcl
role ad:nsubj
list ad:obl
role list:nmod
grant role:acl
grant role:acl
user grant:obl
success user:obl
authent user:dep
authent process:compound
process grant:obl
add role:acl
role remov:obj
authent role:amod
user role:compound
role remov:obl
remov role:acl
current user:amod
authent user:amod
user member:nsubj
member check:dep
role member:nmod
role string:compound
check string:acl
current user:amod
authent user:amod
action object:compound
string object:compound
permiss object:compound
action object:compound
string object:compound
permiss object:compound
action object:compound
arg object:compound
object check:dep
option paramet:amod
object paramet:compound
paramet check:dep
permiss decis:compound
permiss check:compound
check perform:obj
action string:compound
string perform:obl
permiss string:compound
action string:compound
permiss paramet:compound
action paramet:compound
arg paramet:compound
object paramet:compound
option paramet:amod
object paramet:compound
paramet perform:nsubj
permiss decis:compound
boolean true:advmod
true decis:amod
secur express:compound
express evalu:obj
return express:acl
boolean valu:amod
valu return:obj
string expr:dep
express evalu:nsubj
evalu expr:parataxis
boolean result:amod
result evalu:obj
express evalu:compound
evalu result:nmod
